The English-Chinese parallel corpus in the domain of twitter of Tencent or Sina twitter from 2010 to March 2014.
2010年到2014年3月腾讯或者新浪微博中的英中平行语料库。
Hi everyone, this is my official Tencent page, now you can follow and send me a message while I am in China! Thanks for all your support. David x
大家好！这是我的腾讯官方微博！现在大家可以收听我，我在中国期间大家可以给我发信息哦！谢谢大家的支持！大卫-贝克汉姆
just relaxing at the beautiful hotel in Hangzhou . West Lake is stunning.
在杭州一家漂亮的酒店休息，西湖的景色美极了！
met the incredible children and staff at Greentown Hospital in Hangzhou.
在杭州绿城医院遇到了不可思议的孩子们和工作人员。
I had a great meal at a local Beijing restaurant called Boayuan Dumplings.
在北京一家饺子餐馆吃了一顿丰盛晚餐。
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
真正的朋友会在整个世界都离你远去的时候，仍然与你并肩。
We can't judge a person by what he says but by what he does.
判断一个人，不听言语看行动。
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
一个人被打败不算完蛋，当他放弃就真正完蛋了。
A fan gave me this bracelet right before I went on stage. She made it for me outta rubber bands.
一名粉丝在我上台前给了我这条手链，这是她用橡皮带为我做的。
My bus driver loves me... Hello Kitty bath mat, towels and soap. True love! Than..
我的巴士司机很爱我...Hello Kitty浴室防滑垫、毛巾和肥皂。真爱！谢谢...
heck out my new tour Merch!! Which piece is your favorite?!
来看看我最新的巡演礼品吧！！哪一件是你的最爱呢？！
Freshly signed. Off to the venue for tonights show and meet and greet.
刚刚签好的。出发前往今晚演出和粉丝见面会的地点啦。
Thank you so much to all of my amazing fans. Im SO glad you guys are enjoying the new album!
非常感谢我了不起的粉丝们，很高兴你们都喜欢我的新专辑！
Only few people know that life is beautiful for lacking something. Theso-called turning-around is that you not only miss the sun in day timebut also the stars at night.
只有很少的人懂得，人生是因为缺憾而美丽。所谓的回头，只不过是丢掉了白天的太阳之后，又错过了夜晚的星星。
Sing like no one；love never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth.
歌唱吧！就像没人在听。爱吧！就像你从来没有被伤害过。纵情跳舞吧！就像没人在看。好好生活吧！就像居住在天堂一样。
There is only one person who can define success in your life - and that's you.
只有一个人能界定你一生的成就，那就是你自己。
In the meantime The one man Maybe I can never meet ,I would like to give my whole heart to。
如今，也许我永远见不到的这个人，却让我想全心全意去爱他。
Fondly remembers is in the life the most helpless matter, and is base and low.
怀念是生命中最无能为力的事情，并且卑微。
When someone says you have changed, but because you no longer according to their way of life habit stopped.
当有人说你变了的时候，不过是因为你不再按他们习惯的方式生活罢了。
When you're up your friends know who you are, but when you're down, you know your friends are!
当你在高处的时候，你的朋友知道你是谁；当你坠落的时候，你才知道你的朋友是谁。
There is an unconscious heeling process within the mind which mends up in spite of our desperate determination never to forget.
心中的伤痛总是不知不觉渐渐愈合，虽然我们也曾痛苦地发誓说永不忘记。
Life is like playing chess with God.Your moves are called Choices;His moves are called Challenges.
生活就像是跟老天对弈，对你而言，你走棋，那叫选择；老天走棋，那叫挑战。
When you think your life sucks, just think to yourself about how many people have it worse.
如果你觉得自己的生活不如人意，想想世界上有多少人过得比你更悲惨吧！
To be a sailor of the world, bound for all ports.
做一个世界的水手，游遍所有的港口。
If you were happy before you knew someone, you can be happy after they're gone.
如果你在认识某某前很快乐，那在他们离开后你也可以很快乐。
Time won't ease your pain but let you get used to it。
时间不是让人忘了痛,而是让人习惯了痛。
We are all a little weird and life’s a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours,we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love.
我们都有点怪，生活也有点怪。当发现某人的怪与我们的兼容，于是联合成共同的怪，并称之为爱。
Guys may be flirting around all day but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about.
男人们可能终日欢场潇洒，可是在临睡前，脑子里萦绕的始终是他真正在乎的那个女子。
Every time i miss you, a star falls.So if you ever look up at the sky and the stars are gone, it's because you made me miss you too much!
我想你一次，星星就坠落一颗，当你仰望夜空，星星难觅踪影的时候，你就知道我有多想你！
Every girl should know that she doesn't need a man who don't need her the first place.
每一个女生都应该明白，她们不需要一个不把自己放在第一位的男孩。
Girl is the boy's luck, the boy is a girl's fate. A girl a boy would bring different luck.
女孩是男孩的运气，男孩是女孩的命运。一个女孩会给一个男孩带来不一样的运气。
Never get tired of doing little things for others. Sometimes those things occupy the biggest part of their hearts.
勿以善小而不为，有时候，你所做的这些小事，会成为他们心中最重要的部分。
Don't be dejected in hard and irrational conditions,or shout loudly.People approve the man who makes great efforts to seek a change silently even though he shed tears.
不要在艰难不合理的环境中消沉，也不要高声呐喊。人们赞赏那些即使流着泪也默默的努力寻求改变的人。
Not all the people can enjoy your value for someone judges the others by appearance. Thus,there is no need for you to pay the cost for their superficiality.
并不是每个人都会欣赏的你的价值，因为有些人是以貌取人的。所以你不必为他们的肤浅埋单。
It'd be better we don't meet again because of the skillful acting.
即使再见面，成熟地表演，不如不见。
If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.
如果你真的很想要一样东西的话，没有什么能阻止你得到它。
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
我们开始相爱不是因为找到了一个完美的人，而是因为学会了完美地看待一个不完美的人。
If you fight for yourself, only you can win; when you fight for your marriage, you both win.
如果你只为自己奋斗，只有你一个人是赢家；若为婚姻奋斗，夫妻两人都是赢家。
I should not have to rely on sustenance to the touch than the future.
是我不该把依赖寄托给触碰不到的未来。
Sleeping without a dream makes us feel empty.Maybe the only way to console us is having a warm quilt and an unknown dream.Good night.
也许只有夜晚一床温暖的棉被和一个好梦，才可以慰藉每天有太多不如意的我们。
If they cannot accept the worst you, also do not deserve the best you.
如果他们不能接受最差的你，也不配拥有最好的你。
You feel lonely not when no one cares about you, but when someone you expect to care doesn't care about you at all.
你之所以感到孤独，并不是没有人关心你，而是你在乎的那个人没有关心你。
When you have something you really love but it causes you pain, God is just testing you to see if you are strong enough to hold it.
当你真正喜欢一样东西，但它又常常给你带来伤害的时候，其实这是老天在考验你是否足够坚持。
If you want to fly too high in relation to the horizon forget.
如果想飞得高，就该把地平线忘掉。
Not what I miss, but I can not go back the past.
我怀念的不是哪个人，而是我那回不去的曾经。
I miss you so much already and i haven’t even left yet!
尽管还不曾离开，我已对你朝思暮想！
Penitence is something that enervates our spirit, causing a greater loss than the loss itself and making a bigger mistake than the mistake itself. So never regret.
后悔是一种耗费精神的情绪。后悔是比损失更大的损失，比错误更大的错误。所以不要后悔。
The fire is the test of gold; adversity of strong men.
烈火炼真金，逆境炼壮士。
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal. Not to people or things.
如果你想过得快乐，那就把生活和目标结合在一起，而不是来自他人或物质。
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as a kite!
脚踏实地，但是，心要像风筝一样飞得高！
I don't understand the God who'd let us meet if we could never be together.
上帝既已安排我们相识，怎能不让我们相守！
Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all.
你们必须努力寻找自己的声音，因为你越迟开始寻找，找到的可能性就越小。
All men whilst they are awake are in one common world; but each of them, when he is asleep, is in a world of his own.
所有人在醒着的时候都是置身于同一个世界，但在睡着后，却都置身在自己的世界。
It's easy to be thankful for the good things, while a life of rich fulfillment comes to those who are also thankful for the setbacks。
对美好的事物感恩很容易。然而，精彩的人生属于那些对挫折也心存感激的人。
You're prettiest when you're happy. Don't waste your time being sad.
当你快乐的时候你是最美的，所以别一直悲伤着浪费时间了。
Learn to use the understanding of the vision to see and appreciate each other, in order to opinionated care to pipe each other.
学会用理解的，欣赏的眼光去看对方，而不是以自以为是的关心去管对方。
Again and again, let my disappointment withdrew to nowhere to retreat. I'm really tired, tired tired. Can let me have a rest.
一次又一次的失望，让我退到无处可退。 我真的累了，很累很累。 可不可以让我休息一下。
Don‘t waste your time on a man/woman, who isn‘t willing to waste their time on you.Don‘t try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要为那些不愿在你身上花费时间的人而浪费你的时间。不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won‘t make you cry.
没有人值得你流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。
Exercise, temperance, fresh air, and needful rest are the best of all physicians.
锻炼、节制、新鲜空气和必要的休息是最好的医生。
Nobody can go back and then start a new begining, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
没有人可以回到过去重新开始，但谁都可以从今日开始，书写一个全然不同的结局。
Don’t say you love me unless you really mean it, because I might do something crazy like believe it.
不要说你爱我，除非你是真心的，因为我可能会傻傻的，就相信你的话了。
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person.
万般情感，千种想法，百段回忆，只为一个人。
About you, I really am always do not need to remember, because forever will not forget.
关于你，我真是从来不需要想起，因为永远都不会忘记。
Don’t be afraid of change, you may lose out on something good, but you might gain something even better!
不要害怕改变，尽管你可能会因此失去一些好的东西，但你也可能会得到一些更好的东西。
Waiting,it is not for your return,but instead,for an excuse not to leave.
等待，不是为了你能回来，而是找个借口不离开。
A woman wants a man who is a leader not a dictator, strong but not overbearing, confident but not conceited！
女人希望自己的男人是领导者而不是独裁者：坚定却不蛮横，自信却不自负！
Use your smiled to changd the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
用你的笑容去改变这个世界，别让这个世界改变了你的笑容。
Don't make the choice if you dislike, once you make the decision, please hold on.
不喜欢就不要选择，喜欢了就要坚持。
Love starts with a smile, develops with a kiss and ends with a tear.
爱情因一个微笑而发生，因一吻而滋长，最后因一滴泪而终结。
Love is not about who hurt you and broke you down, it's about who was always there to make you smile again.
爱不是那个会让你伤心难过的人，而是那个总在你身后让你笑起来的人。
Building relationship between individuals is like knitting a sweater.It's established needle by needle carefully and it's time-consuming.But it‘d be broken up with only slight pull.
个人之间的感情就像织毛衣，建立的时候一针一线，小心而漫长，拆除的时候只要轻轻一拉。
Facts are available to everyone;it is interpretation and implementation that is key.
事实每个人都能了解，理解和执行才是关键。
You can't change who people are without destroying who they were.
不摧毁他们的曾经，你就无法改变他们的现在。
If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
如果你无法忍受我最坏的一面，你也不配得到我最好的一面。
Even if you are born into a rich family, or with a smart mind or a strong body, you still have to work hard to truly succeed and reach your potential.
即使你拥有一个富裕的家庭，或是一副强劲的体魄，亦或一颗聪颖的头脑，但想获得真正的成功，依然必须全力以赴。
l like the subtle flow of cloud that makes the sky seem even more vast, azure and immense...
我喜欢天空中那淡淡的云，它将天空衬的更高更蓝更宽……
Don't love the one who is beautiful，but love the one who can make your life beautiful．
不要爱上一个漂亮的人，而要爱上一个使你的生活变漂亮的人。
Every careless and inattentive person has his past being careful and attentive for someone.
哪个没心没肺的人，没有一段为某人掏心掏肺的曾经。
Two men chasing a woman，the first used feeling shallow quit；Two women，chasing a man with the first giving up feeling.
两个男人追一个女人，用情浅的那个先放弃；两个女人追一个男人，用情深的那个先放弃。
When an end is lawful and obligatory, the indispensable means to it are also lawful and obligatory.
如果一个目的是正当而必须做的，则达到这个目的的必要手段也是正当而必须采取的。
Too positiv to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful, and too determined to be defeated.
坚持积极、乐观、坚强的心态，它们会令疑虑、恐惧和失败闻风丧胆。
It's graceful gref and sweet sadness to thnk of you, but n my heart, there's a kind of soft warmth that can’t be expressed with any choice of words.
想你，是一种美丽的忧伤的甜蜜的惆怅，心里面，却是一种用任何语言也无法表达的温馨。
We cannot do great things on this Earth, only small things with great love.
我们无法在这个世界上做什么伟大的事情，可我们可以带着伟大的爱做一些小事。
Do your best to have whatever you love. Otherwise, you'll be force to love whatever you have .
努力追求赢得你所爱，否则你只能努力去爱你所有。
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
最终，真正重要的不是生命里的岁月，而是岁月中的生活。
Fear not that the life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning.
不要害怕生活将要结束，应该担心你的生活永远不会真正开始。
Something is out of our control, so we have to command ourselves.
有些事情本身我们无法控制，只好控制我们自己。
I thought you are the only one who understood me.But now when all the others konw I’m upset,you are the only one who still don’t find it.
我曾以为你是唯一懂我的人。但是现在所有人都知道我很沮丧都时候你是唯一一个没有发现的人。
Sometimes, the simplest advice that you give to others is the hardest thing for you to follow.
有时候，你给别人最简单的建议，却是自己最难做到的。
It’s better to try hard to love yourself more than to wait someone to love u. if today you don't like yourself more than yesterday, so what's the meaning of tomorrow?
与其等到别人来爱你，不如自己学着努力多爱自己一些，如果今天的你没有比昨天更喜欢自己，那明天对你来说有什么意义呢？
In the past，I only wanted people to see the best of me．
——以往，我只在人前呈现出最好的一面。
Now，I find that I do not mind your seeing my faults because I want you to accept me the way I am．
如今我不介意你看到我的缺点，因为我希望你接受的，是一个完整的我。
Good love makes you see the whole world from one person while bad love makes you abandon the whole world for one person.
好的爱情是你通过一个人看到整个世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人舍弃整个世界。
I love you, looks like you not to love my same firmness.
我爱你，就像你不爱我一样的坚决。
All our dreams can come true， if we have the courage to pursue them.
如果我们有勇气去追求，我们所有的梦想都可以成为现实。
The so-called freedom is the reason to be alive. If you easily give up life, then you can never find freedom.
所谓的自由，就是自己活着的理由，如果轻易放弃生命，那么在哪里都找不到自由的。
Being alone means you just have no one beside you but loneliness means that you can not talk with others and forget how it feels when you love someone.
孤单只表示身边没有别人，但寂寞是一种你无法将感受跟别人沟通或分享的心理状态。而真正的寂寞应该是连自己都忘了喜欢一个人的感觉。
To the noisy crowd, sad and lonely is very warm words.
比起喧闹的人群来，悲伤和孤独也是很温暖的词语。
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
爱不是彼此凝视，而是一起注视着同一个方向。
When you point at someone, please mind that you have three fingers pointing towards yourself!
当你用手指指着别人的时候，请不要忘记，你的三根手指正在指向自己！
A heart can't rest on another,a person pains deeper. No matter what you think,you must recognize it.
人最大的痛苦就是心灵没有归属，不管你知不知觉，承不承认。
The most wonderful thing is not rainy day but the eaves we stayed together.
最美的不是下雨天 是与你一起躲过的屋檐。
Like a light sudden breaks through the darkness, snatching pierced my world, is not warm.
像是冲破黑暗突如其来的一道光，硬生生的刺入我的世界，却无关温暖。
If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous; Be happy anyway.
如果你找到了平静和幸福，人们可能会嫉妒你，不管怎样，还是要快乐。
Be thankful for each new challenge, because it will build your strength and character.
感谢每一次新的挑战，因为它会塑造你的个性和力量。
“I accept chaos. I am not sure whether it accepts me". Bob Dylan
鲍勃迪伦说，我接受混沌，但我不知道混沌接不接受我。
It took thousands of years for monkeys to evolve into humans, but it will just take a bottle of wine for a man to evolve back into a monkey.
从猴子变成人需要成千上万年，从人变回猴子只用一瓶酒。
I'm not ignoring you. I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
我不是不理你，我只是在等你先开口。
If you were a cactus, I'd endure all the pain just to hug you.
假如你是一个仙人掌，我也愿意忍受所有的痛来拥抱你。
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
在你想要放弃的那一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了这里。
In fact, just intoxicate wine does not drink it remembered that unbearable past.
其实酒不醉人，只是在喝的时候想起了那不堪的过去。
I hate your eyes,I hate your lips, I hate your hugs, I hate the way you walk,I hate how you make me smile, I hate how you don't like me, and, I hate how much I like you.
我恨你的眼睛，你的嘴唇，你的拥抱，你的走路方式，我也恨你逗我笑，恨你不喜欢我。同时，我恨我自己这么的喜欢你。
We grow neither better nor worse as we grow old but more like ourselves.
随着年龄的增长，我们并不变得更好也不变得更坏，而是变得更象我们自己。
The most stubborn, is a man of heart. You can convince everyone, but failed to convince his own heart.
最固执的，是一个人的心。你可以说服所有人，却说服不了自己的心。
I'll never mind the past from now on, no matter how sorrowful or wonderful it is.Life comes and goes with nothing.
从此再不提起过去，痛苦或幸福，生不带来，死不带去。
Give me a little bit of time, a little bit of patience, a little bit of faith, to show you how much I love you.
给我一点点时间，一点点耐心，一点点信心，让我证明我有多爱你！
You are a part of a puzzle 0f someone’s life. You may never kn0w where you fit, but always remember that someone’s life may not be complete without you!
你是某人生命拼图中的一小块，也许你永远都不知道自己的位置，但请记住：没有你，他的生命是不完整的。
He has no longer simply, is that grow up memories. Also have mature pays the price, funny many.
自己已不再单纯了,那是长大的回忆。也有成熟付出的代价,说不清的许许多多。
From what we get, we can make a living, what we give, however, makes a life.
拥有的创造出生活，但是，付出的创造出生命。
Don't mistake movement for achievement. It's easy to get faked out by being busy.
不要把错误的举动当为成就，我们容易经由忙碌而被误导。
My love is like the grasses. Hidden in the deep mountains.Though its abundance increase,There is none that knows.
我的爱情犹如青草，藏在深山。它郁郁葱葱，却无人知晓。
When the world says,"Give Up!" Hope whispers,"Try it one more time".
当全世界都要我放弃, 还是期待有人轻语一声: 再试一次!
A person who truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.
真心爱你的人永远不会放你走，不管遇到多大的困境。
when faced with two choices, simply toss a coin. Because in that brief moment when the coin is in the air, you suddenly know what you are hoping for.
当面对两个选择时，抛硬币总能奏效，因为在你把它抛在空中的那一秒里，你突然知道你希望它是什么。
I dropped a tear in the ocean, and when i find it thats the day i will stop loving you.
我的一颗眼泪掉进了海洋，当我找到它的那一天就是我停止爱你的那一天。
When you can dream, do not give up the dream.When you can love, do not give up on love.
当你能梦的时候就不要放弃梦。当你能爱的时候就不要放弃爱。
Sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears.
有时候，惟有一场眼泪，我们才彻底清晰了视线。
Life is too short, didn't set aside some time for our daily with regret wake up.
生命太短，没留时间给我们每日带着遗憾醒来。
So to love those to you okay, forget those who know to cherish you.
所以去爱那些对你好的人，忘掉那些不知珍惜你的人。
I guess you know what to do, I am you can not think irrelevant.
你是我猜不到的不知所措，我是你想不到的无关痛痒。
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.
一次痛彻心扉的经历，抵得上千百次的告诫。
Don't be disappointed on the journey of life. There are friends in the world.
人生路上何须惆怅，天涯海角总有知音。
Seize your chance and value your opportunities. May our friendship be everlasting.
把握机会珍惜缘分，祝愿我们友谊长存。
If we can only encounter each other rather than stay with each other, then I wish we had never encountered.
如果只是遇见，不能停留，不如不遇见。或许，你不应该再喜欢他了。你只是在伤害你自己。
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
未来属于那些相信梦想之美好的人。
Every person need a friend to make them laugh when they think they will never smile again.
每一个人都需要这样一个朋友：当以为自己再也笑不出来的时候，他能让你开怀大笑！
Enjoy the little things in life,for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
享受生命中的每一个细节，因为当你回首往事时可能会发现原来那些所谓的小事是多么的重要。
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything，they just make the best of everything.
最幸福的人并不是拥有最好的一切，只不过他们可以把一切都变成最好。
Be thankful for your past relationships, someone better suited to you is waiting out there.
感谢你逝去的恋情，因为更合适的人正在某处等你。
Don't audit life. Show up and make the most of it now.
不要旁听生命，从现在起就展示和做最好的自己。
A well-written life is almost as rare as a well-spent one.
写得很好的生活和过得很好的生活几乎一样少。
Each youth will be old, but I hope that your memories have been good.
每段青春都会苍老，但我希望记忆里的你一直都好。
This is your world. Shape it or someone else will. Change before you have to.
这是你的世界，把它塑造它成你想要的模样，不然别人会替你塑造。改变自己，在环境逼迫你改变之前。
Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention, is to stop giving them yours.
有时候，让别人在乎你的最好办法，就是不那么在乎他们。
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
只要你相信自己，你就会懂得如何生活。
If you’re brave to say “good bye”, life will reward you with a new “hello”.
如果你勇于对过去说“拜拜”，生活就会回赠给你一个新的“哈喽”。
You can't get rid of your fears...but you can learn to live with them.
虽然不能摆脱恐惧，但可以学着与“恐惧”共处。
To like a person is not wrong, it is wrong to like a person who does not like you.
喜欢一个人没有错，错就错在喜欢一个不喜欢自己的人。
A person wants to obtain anything, he must pay anything first.
一个人要得到什么,他就必须先付出什么。
The next gerneration I want to be your tooth, at least, I am sad, you also hurts.
下辈子我要做你的一颗牙，至少，我难受，你也会疼。
So I just take a piece of paper to draw a person.
所以我就拿张纸画个小人。
The big picture her nose, pointing at her nose desperately scold.
把鼻子画的大大的，指着她的鼻子拼命的骂。
If you do not understand my silence, you will never understand my words.
如果你不懂我的沉默，你也永远不会明白我说的话语。
No matter when you start, it is important that you do not stop after starting. No matter when you end, it is more important that you do not regret after ended.
不论你在什么时候开始，重要的是开始之后就不要停止。不论你在什么时候结束，重要的是结束之后就不要悔恨。
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.
最好的朋友就是那种能和你促膝而坐,彼此不说只字片语,分别时却感到这是你有过的最好的一次交流。
Love from the beginning of a smile, a kiss to grow, to end with a tear.
爱由一个笑容开始，用一个吻来成长，用一滴眼泪来结束。
"Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers"
判断一个人，看他的回答不如看他所提出的问题。
I learned to have the mask smile, even if I were unhappy.
我学会了带着面具微笑，即使我并不开心。
It is not the death or pain that is to be dreaded,but the fear of pain or death.
并非痛苦和死亡让人恐惧，我们恐惧的是对痛苦和死亡的恐惧本身。
We were meant to lose people. How else would we know how important they are?
我们注定会失去我们所爱的人，要不然我们怎么会知道他们对我们有多么的重要？
before you talk, listen; before you react, think; before you spend,earn;before you quit,try.
在你说话之前，先听；在你回应之前，先想；在你消费之前，先挣；在你退出之前，先试。
Mistakes are part of life. You should be more worried if you didn't make them because that means you aren't growing or learning.
犯错是人生的一部分，一旦你不再犯错，就应该开始警惕了，因为这意味着你没有进步，没有学到新的东西。
The perfect day: Going to bed with a dream; Waking up with a purpose.
完美的一天：伴着美梦入睡；带着目标醒来。
Love suffers long and is kind; love does not envy; love does not parade itself, is not puffed up.
爱是恒久忍耐，又有恩慈；爱是不嫉妒；爱是不自夸，不张狂。
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the word itself.
世界最美之处就在于他本身。
They keep saying right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
他们总是在说只要等待，合适的人就会出现，我觉得合适我的那个人是不是在路上被车撞了。
Save the person actually very stupid, to save a abandon you, to meet his vanity his pride.
挽回的人其实很笨，去挽回一个抛弃你的人，满足他的虚荣他的骄傲。
If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I bet they would live a lot differently.
我敢打赌，从现在开始，每天晚上花点时间坐在外面看星星，你的生活一定会变得更可爱些。
If he's stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him go.
如果他愚蠢到非要离开，那么你就聪明一些，让他走吧。
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience. I know no way of judging the future but by the past. (Patrick Henry)
我只拿一盏灯来指引我的脚步，而那盏灯就是经验，对于未来，我只是能以过去来判断。
Guys use the word “friendship” to start a relationship. Girls use the word “friendship” to end it.
男人喜欢用“友情”开始一段爱情，女人喜欢用“友情”终结一段爱情。
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, the romance, and you find out you still care for that person.
爱情是：当感觉、热情和浪漫统统拿掉之後，你仍然珍惜对方。
The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
幸福之人并非拥有一切,只是尽力享受生活的赐予。
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
人生中最大的乐趣来自于，做一些别人认为你做不到的事。
When you were born, you're crying but lookers-on were smiling. When you are passing away, you're smiling but lookers-on are crying.
你出生的时候，你哭着，周围的人笑着；你逝去的时候，你笑着，而周围的人在哭！
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old.
如果不学会在困难面前微笑，等到老了就怎么都笑不出来了，所有的事情都变成困难了。
Promises are often like the butterfly, which disappear after beautiful hover.
承诺常常很像蝴蝶,美丽的飞盘旋然后不见。
As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a tons of friends, and more important to have real ones.
长大了之后，我们发现，拥有几个真心朋友比找一大堆朋友要更重要。
If a man urge me to tell wherefore I love him, I feel that it can not be expressed but by answering, "Because it was he, because it was myself."
如果有人问我为什么爱他，我觉得我只能如此回答：“ 因为是他，因为是我。”
All matters could the good scabs forget to hurt, the only love was not good.
所有的事都能好了伤疤忘了疼，唯独爱情不行。
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
如果你决心讲述真相，就把体面留给裁缝。
I just want to be with the one who really understands and loves me from the heart , Or I'd rather be alone.
我只想找一个真心理解我，爱我的Ta度过我的一生，否则我宁愿独自一个人.
Maybe sunshine had stood，But the sad always in my heart never dies.
也许阳光曾伫立，但悲伤一直都在我心里不曾消逝。
Please do not suspect that I to your love, that am not young frivolous, I knew that is I is willing to accompany you to pass through the life the courage.
请别怀疑我对你的爱，那不是年少轻狂，我知道那是我愿意陪你走过一生的勇气。
It shall be when friends to help, difficulties in things have not hopeless. After say gossip.
应当在朋友正是困难的时候给予帮助，不可在事情已经无望之后再说闲话。
If by life you were deceived, Don't be dismal, don't be wild, In the day of grief, be mild, Merry days will come, believe!
假如生活欺骗了你，不要悲伤，不要心急.忧郁的日子里需要镇静。相信吧，快乐的日子将会来临。
The heart grows weaker every time we do something opposite of what we feel.
我们每违背自己的感觉做一次事情，斗志就会削弱一点。
Those who refuse to leave the stage in the flourishing years old of open a flower.
那些上演着繁华不肯谢幕的年华里开出一朵地老天荒的花。
Things change and friends leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody.
事过境迁，物是人非，生命不因任何人停留。
It’s true that we don’t know what we’ve got until we lose it, but it’s also true that we don’t know what we’ve been missing out on until it arrives.
的确只有当我们失去时才知道曾拥有的是什么，同样，只有当我们拥有了才知道曾经失去了什么。
Something is a knot when you reserve it,a scar when it's opened.
有些事情，不谈是个结，谈开了是个疤。
None is of freedom or of life deserving unless he daily conquers it anew. -Erasmus ·
只有每天再度战胜生活并夺取自由的人，才配享受生活的自由。
Believe that God puts someone in your life for a reason, and removes him from your life for a better reason.
上天安排某人进入你的生活是有原因的，让他们从你的生活中消失肯定有一个更好的理由。
If a girl is silenty, it’s dangerous...She’ either: 1. over thinking 2. tired of waiting 3. about to blow up 4. needs a hug 5. falling apart 6. crying inside 7. all of the above.
如果一个女孩沉默了，是很危险的。她可能:1、想多了 2、厌倦了等待 3、要爆炸了 4、需要拥抱 5、崩溃了 6、心在哭泣 7、以上全部。
I really wonder why people suddenly change after they get what they wanted.
我真想知道为什么人一旦得到他们想要的，就突然变了。
I want to write a letter into your dream, but I never know the address.
我想写一封信，寄到你的梦里，但却不知道地址。
to feel the flame of dreaming and to feel the moment of dancing,when all the romance is far away,the eternity is always there.
感受梦的火焰，感觉飞舞瞬间，当一切浪漫遥远，永恒依然。
When we are young, we may want several love experiences. But as time goes on, you will realize that if you really love someone, the whole life will not be enough.
年轻时会想要谈很多次恋爱，但随着年龄的增长，终于领悟到爱一个人，就算用一辈子的时间，还是会嫌不够。
"Every heart sings a song incomplete until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song."
只有当另一颗心接受吟唱，才会使得用心歌唱的心灵完美。那些期盼歌唱的人们一定心有所属!
One day someone walk into your life, then you will realize that love is always worth waiting for.
當某天某個人走進你生命時，你就會明白，真愛總是值得等待的。
If you have great talents, industry will improve them: if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency.
如果你很有天赋，勤勉会使其更加完善; 如果你能力一般，勤勉会补足其缺陷。
Love is the whole history of a woman’s life; it is but an episode in a man’s.
爱情是女人的一生，但只是男人的一个片段。
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
永远做一流版本的自己，永不做二流版本的别人。
When you know this world as it is and you still love it, your life will be beautiful.
当你理解了世界的本来面目，依然热爱这个世界，你的生命就会是美丽的。
I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you.
我已经迫不及待的想和你共度余生了。
If you care about what others think of you, then you will always be their slave.
总在乎其他人怎么看你， 那你会一直是他人的奴隶。
Absence to love is what wind is to fire. It extinguishes the small; it inflames the great.
离别之于爱情好比风之于火，它能将小火熄灭，使大火熊熊燃烧。
Keep is cut and ground of disaster, is to use the whole life also enemy but the illusion.
守住的是仓皇而班驳的灾难、是用整个生命也敌不过的假象。
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
朋友间最美妙的发现，莫过于成长在不同的道路上，却并不因此滋生出隔阂。
If you want a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or thing.
如果你想过得快乐，把生活跟目标联系在一起，而不是跟某个人或某些事。
If you had a chance to prepare dinner for your mother, would you choose to make it right now or some day in the future?
如果有机会为母亲做顿饭，你会选择立刻就做还是等到以后某一天再说？
If you were a tear in my eye i would never want to cry because i would be scared to lose you.
如果你是我眼中的一滴泪，我永远都不会哭，因为我怕那样会失去你。
Life is sad but it is up to you to make your own life happy.
生活有时是令人沮丧的，但你可以努力让自己的过得开心起来。
Search a beautiful heart not a beautiful face. Beautiful things are not always good, but good things are always beautiful.
与其找寻美丽的脸庞，不如找寻美丽的心灵。美丽的事物不一定都美好，但美好的事物必定美丽。
If you were a cactus,I'd endure all the pain just to hug you.
假如你是一个仙人掌，我也愿意忍受所有的痛来抱着你。
The more you learn, the more you know, The more you know, the more you forget. The more you forget, the less you know. So why bother to learn.
学的越多,知道的越多, 知道的越多；忘记的越多, 忘记的越多；知道的越少, 为什么学来着?
There’s nothing more beautiful than a smile that struggles through tears.
世上最美的，莫过于从泪水中挣脱出来的那个微笑。
we reached the moon and came back,but we find it troublesome to cross our own street and meet our neighbors.
我们可以往返月球，但却难以迈出一步去亲近我们的左邻右舍。
A guy will make you think he loves you, but he really doesn't. A girl will make you think she doesn't love you, when she really does.
很多时候，男人会让你觉得他爱上了你，其实他真没有；而女人会让你觉得她不可能会爱上你，结果她却动了心。
We must be able to gain deep friendship, maybe even more attention oneself how to behave, not to abuse the ZhiRenZhiMing good friends。
我们要能多得到深挚的友谊，也许还要多多注意自己怎样做人，不辜负好友们的知人之明。
Not afraid, afraid volunteers on the road is short; Slow, afraid often stood; Afraid of poverty, afraid an inert lazy; Not afraid, afraid his opponent fierce chatter.
不怕路远，就怕志短；不怕缓慢，就怕常站；不怕贫穷，就怕惰懒；不怕对手悍，就怕自己颤。
Don't put that in your mouth; you don't know where it's been!
别把不知道哪来的东西放到嘴里！
I brought you into this world and I can take you OUT !
我能把你生下来，也能把你弄没了！
If a man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him, an investment in knowledge always pays the best interest .
倾其所有追求知识，没有人能夺走它；向知识投资，收益最佳。
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
幸福不是取决于外界环境，它由我们的心态来决定。
I just want someone who will understand me even when no words are spoken.
我希望有一个人会懂我，即使我什么都没说。
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
最撩人的吸引力来自从未相遇的两极。
Women are very greedy - they want all things from one man. Men are so simple - they want only one thing from all women.
女人很贪婪 ，她们想得到一个男人的一切。男人是如此简单，他们只想从所有女人那得到一样东西。
If a man really loves you, there's nothing like "Busy", it's all about "Priorities".
如果一个男人真的爱你，那么，他不会把“我很忙”挂在嘴边，而是“跟你在一起更重要”。
Birds sing after a storm.Why shouldn't people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them?
鸟儿在暴风雨后歌唱，人们为什么在仍是阳光普照的时候还不尽情感受快乐呢？
“It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return,but what is the most painful is to love someone and never finding the courage to let the person know how you feel.”
爱上一个不爱自己的人是痛苦的.但最痛苦的，莫过於你所爱的那个人并不知道你爱他，而你也没有勇气让他知道。
Woman's biggest pride is not her face, but her how conspicuous the men have many painful her．
女人最大的骄傲不是她的长相有多出众，而是她的男人有多疼她。
I feel happy at times we have had angry words but these have been kissed away.
我们生气争执时，爱的双唇把它们吻得无影无踪，我的心也顿觉甜蜜。
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.
如果你希望成功，当以恒心为良友，以经验为参谋，以谨慎为兄弟，以希望为哨兵。
I can't deny that our path has been complicated, but in the end, love makes everything simple.
不可否认我们的路一直很艰辛，但最终，爱让一切变得简单。
It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence.
总要伤了心，才明白什么是快乐；总要喧哗后，才懂得宁静难得；总要有些人不在了，才发现TA在身边有多珍贵。
Between the great things we cannot do and the small things we will not do, the danger is that we shall do nothing.
有些事情太伟大，我们没那么大能耐，有些事情又太微小，我们懒得去做。在这种高不成低不就时，要当心，可能会一事无成。
People laugh and people cry; Some give up, Some always try; Some say hi while some say bye; Others may forgets u but never will I.
有人欢喜有人忧；有人放弃，也会有人执着；有人走进你的世界，同时也会有人离开；或许会有人将你遗忘，但那绝对不会是我。
Land is the only thing in the world worth working for, worth fightingfor, worth dying for. Because it's the only thing that lasts。
土地是世界上唯一值得你去为之工作，为之战斗，为之牺牲的东西，因为它是唯一永恒的东西。
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection.
我喜欢那种在困境中微笑，从忧虑中聚集力量，通过反思逐渐变勇敢的人。
I have loved you and waited you for quiet a long time. But now, it’s time to leave, longer than my love.
我喜欢你，很久了。等你，也很久了。现在，我要离开，比很久很久还要久。
Your best won't be good enough for some people, but that's their problem not yours.
即使你做得再好，在某些人眼里依然不足为道，但那不是你的问题，是他们有问题。
For many,life's longest mile is the stretch from dependence to independence.
对很多人来说，生命中最长的里程是从依赖他人到自立的那一段。
If you can get happiness in this lifetime, who may displaced.
此生若能得幸福安稳，谁又愿颠沛流离。
Sometimes, walking away is better than standing there, acting like it doesn't bother you.
有时候，转身离开要好过假装若无其事的坚持。
Never say goodbye when you still want to try, never give up when you still feel you can take it, never say you don't love that person anymore when you can't let go.
当你仍想继续，永远不要说再见；当你还能承受，永远不要说放弃；当你舍不得一个人，永远永远不要说你不再爱他（她）。
The greatest revenge to a girl that steals your man is to let her have him, because a truly good man can never be stolen.
对一个抢自己男朋友的女孩子最大的报复是让她拥有他，因为真正的好男人是永远都不会被人抢走的。
To the world you may be just one person.To the person you may be the world.
对于世界，你可能只是一个人，但对于某个人，你却是整个世界。
The earlier you enter the real world, the greater opportunities you will achieve; The sooner you accept the truth, the sooner you will step into new life.
你越早接受现实，就会有越大的机遇在等待你；你越早接受这个事实，就能越早踏入新生活。
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that’s the one that is going to require the most from you.
就做那个让你最恐惧的事情，因为它能发挥你最大的潜能。
Life is not the amount of breaths you take. It's the moments that take your breath away.
生命的真谛不在于你呼吸的次数，而在于那些让你屏吸凝神的时刻。
Good morning. What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning?
早安。一觉醒来，有什么灵感想法，有什么让你激动的事么？
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not.
痛苦的秘诀在于抽出闲功夫来担心自己是否幸福。
We all have moments of desperation. But if we face them head on, that's when we find out just how strong we really are.
我们都有绝望的时候，但是当我们正视他们的时候，我们就会发现自己实际上有多坚强。
It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone,an hour to like someone,and a day to love someone- but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
迷上某人只需一分钟，喜欢上某人需要一小时,爱上某人则要一天,然而,忘记某人却是一辈子的事情。
We can complete it step by step however long the road is and it can't be completed however short the road is if you don't even mark your footprint.
再长的路，一步步也能走完，再短的路，不迈开双脚也无法到达。
In my eyes, friendship is a pile of garbage, is mutual use objects.
在我的眼里，友谊就是一堆垃圾，都是互相利用的对象。
Though life is rough and the road is tough, you can still laugh and carry on your love.
纵使生活很艰难，前面路途很阴霾，你还可以坚持爱，大大方方笑出来。
Like the sun because it's warm,warm heart went to unknown pain.
喜欢阳光是因为它很暖、暖到了心底、暖去了不知名的疼痛。
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won’t make you cry.
没有人值得你流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
我们欢欣于蝴蝶的惊艳之美，却鲜有注意它为美丽所遭受的蜕变之痛。
What will matter is not what you got, but what you gave. What will matter is not how many people you knew, but how many will feel a lasting loss when you are gone.
重要的不是你得到了什么，而是你给予了什么。重要的不是你认识多少人，而是在你离开后，多少人会认为是个永远的损失。
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.
事情并不是因为难而让我们不敢做，而是因为我们不敢做事情才变得难。
Outside, the new moon shines bright all around, but the lonely lamp on my desk is dim. How l wish this small piece of paper would take to you my resdess yearning.
夜色茫茫照四围，天边新月如钩。桌上寒灯光不明，寄―片纸儿给远方的你，倾诉我满腔沉重的相思之情。
Sometmes, just wonder, we are from dfferent waters, although admre your world, wll be drowned f get close to you.
有时候我会想，我们是不同水域的动物，虽然我很羡慕你那个世界的美丽，但是浅水区的我一走近，就会被深水淹死。
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
成功意味着屡败屡战而不丧失热情。
You like a candle lit my lonely magnifies the dismal contour.
你像是一把烛火点燃了我的寂寞，放大了悲凉的轮廓。
A girl needs to wear two things to look great; confidence and a smile.
随身带着这两样东西的女生看起来都会很棒：自信和微笑。
We used to ignore who adore us, adore who ignore us, and hurt who love us.
我们习惯于忽略那些欣赏我们的人，欣赏那些忽略我们的人，伤害那些爱我们的人。
Do you konw: It is because someone wanna see you when that guy was in your dream.
知道吗？ 那个人出现在你梦中， 是因为那个人想见你。
You don’t love a girl because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
你不是因为她的美丽而爱她，而她却是因为你的爱而美丽。
Sound heath is the greatest of gifts,contentedness,the greatest of riches,trust,the greatest of qualities.
健康为最好的天赋，知足为最大的财富，信任为最佳的品德。
No fast track success and happiness is not the success of all high-speed road, all from the tireless efforts; all happiness, all from the extraordinary struggle and perseverance!
成功没有快车道，幸福没有高速路。所有的成功，都来自不倦的努力和奔跑；所有幸福，都来自平凡的奋斗和坚持。
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it’s time to pause and reflect.
当你发现自己属于大多数这边的时候，都该停下反思一下。
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
幸福犹如香水，你不可能泼向别人而自己却不沾几滴。
When someone asks you a question you don't want to answer, smile and say, "Why do you want to know?"
当别人问你不想回答的问题时，笑着说："你为什么想知道?"
Life is a chain of moments of enjoyment; not only about survival.
生活是一串串的快乐时光；我们不仅仅是为了生存而生存。
Somtimes you have to let go of things you love, so there's room for better things to come into your life.
有些事我们必须放弃，才有精力迎接更美好的生活.
You know the only thing that has made the whole thing worthwhile, has been those few times that I was really, truly connect with another person。
要知道只有一样东西能予人生以价值，就是为数不多的时候，能够真正的和另一个人心灵相契。
If you're brave enough to say GOODBYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
只要你勇敢地说出再见，生活一定会赐予你一个新的开始。
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
我们要么使自己痛苦不堪，要么使自己强大无比，而这两者所需要付出的代价是差不多的。
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
爱情就是当遇到一个更好的人，却依然和那个曾发誓与其共度一生的人在一起。
The vow is simple. finding someone worthy, of such a promise is the hard part.But if we can, that’s when we begin to live, happily ever after.
誓言是简单的。要找到那个值得这份誓言的人才是困难的。但如果我们真的能够找到，那我们就会永远幸福快乐的生活下去。
You leave me memories, like a rainbow. I open the hands, but only embrace caught the breeze.
你留给我的回忆，就像彩虹。我张开双手，却只拥住了风。
Your kiss still burns on my lips, everyday of mine is so beautiful.
你的吻还在我的唇上发烫，从此我的日子变得如此美丽。
You are not clear, like a person are the fate, even if is doomed is the disaster, is also doomed.
你不明白，喜欢一个人是宿命，即使注定是劫难，也在劫难逃。
The world won"t care about your self-esteem.The world will expect you to accomplish something before you feel good about yourself。
世界并不会在意你的自尊，这世界指望你在自我感觉良好之前先要有所成就。
When life give you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
当生活给你一百个理由哭泣时，你就拿出一千个理由笑给它看。
When there is someone who say that you are as stupid as a pig, he/she probable think you are lovely. Only those who love you have this kind of feeling.
请珍惜你生命中每一个叫你猪的人，当一个人说你笨得像猪的时候，他/她多半认为你笨得可爱。而且这种笨只有爱你的人才能感觉到。
There is always messy colors, so happy, warm light with dark.
总有些杂乱的色调，让幸福的暖光有了暗色。
What is adhere to? Is day, and one day, you tell yourself, insist again one day.
什么是坚持？就是一天，又一天，你告诉自己，再坚持一天。
When it comes to going after what you love in life, don't take NO for an answer.
当你追求人生所爱时，你的字典里就不该有“不可能”这个词。
Pain makes you stronger, tears makes you braver, heartbreak makes you wiser, so thank the past for a better future.
伤痛使你更坚强，眼泪使你更勇敢，心碎使你更明智，所以，我们都应该感谢过去，它给我们带来了一个更好的未来。
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
人生最大的危险在于太过于谨慎。
2 rules in marriage: 1. The wife is always right. 2. If the wife is wrong refer to rule 1.
美满婚姻须遵循两个规则：1.妻子永远是对的。2.如果她错了，请参考第一条。
I wish you be happy, because it is my biggest wish. I'm also afraid you are happy, because then you will forget me.
我希望你幸福，因为那是我最大的心愿。我又怕你幸福，因为那样你就会忘了我。
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
当朋友身处窘境，别问你能做什么，思考，并做合适的事。
Three things in life when gone never come back: time, opportunity, and words.
人生有三样东西不可挽回：时间，机遇，以及说出去的话。
There is a lady sweet and kind, Was never a face so pleased my mind;I did but see her passing by, And yet, I'll love her till I die.
有一位姑娘甜美又温柔;从未有一张脸让我如此心荡神摇;我只看见她经过;就会爱她到永远。
Life is like "breathing", "shout" is for one breath, "pull" is to win honor.
生活就像“呼吸”，“呼”是为了出一口气，“吸”是为了争一口气。
It's not the goodbye that hurts, but the flashbacks that follow.
最痛的，不是离别，而是离别后的回忆。
Distance doesn’t matter if you really love the person. What matters most, is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.
假如你真的爱一个人，即便远隔千里之遥也无所谓，而重要的是我们彼此要维持那份诚信。
If you have great talents, industry will improve them; if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency.
如果你很有天赋, 勤勉会使你完善; 如果你能力一般, 勤勉能补足你的缺陷。
Whatever happened in the past is gone, the best is always yet to come.
无论过去发生什么，最好的永远尚未到来。
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
成功意味着你得到你想要的，幸福则是你享受你得到的。
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is...to be needed.
人生中，我们总是有那么多的渴求和需求。然而归根结底，我们最渴求的，不过是被别人需求。
If you have forgotten how to love me, or I have changed love your ideas.
是否你已经忘记了怎么来爱我,还是我已经改变了爱你的想法。
In such a soft and warm season, please accept my sincere blessing and deep concern for you.
在这充满温馨的季节里，给你我真挚的祝福及深深的思念。
Look into my eyes - you will see what you mean to me.
看看我的眼睛，你会发现你对我而言意味着什么。
There's some things that people don't admit because they don't like the way it sounds.
人们有时候不愿承认一些事情，只是因为这些东西听起来很不舒服。
The true meaning of life is not that how many times you have breathed, but those moments you are breathless.
生命的真谛不在于你呼吸的次数，而在于那些令你无法呼吸的时刻。
You are so lucky, because you can choose to love me or not, but myself only have to choose from loving you or loving you more. ”
你是幸运的，因为你可以选择爱我或不爱我，而我只能选择爱你还是更爱你。
Before you talk, listen; before you react, think; before you spend, earn; before you quit, try.
在你说话之前，先听；在你回应之前，先想；在你消费之前，先挣；在你退出之前，先试。
“If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.”
你若要寻找快乐，就该把人生和目标拴在一起，而不是和某个人、或某件事绑定在一起。
Behind every successful man, there is a woman. And behind every unsuccessful man, there are two.
每个成功男人的背后, 都有一个女人. 每个不成功男人的背后, 都有两个。
Have the person love，I will try to do a lovely man．The sun is bright, the wind and rain，do his own dream run，go his own way．
有没有人爱，我也要努力做一个可爱的人。不埋怨谁，不嘲笑谁，也不羡慕谁，阳光下灿烂，风雨中奔跑，做自己的梦，走自己的路。
Accept everything about yourself-I mean everything. You are you and that is the beginning and the end--no apologies, no regrets.
接纳你自己的一切——我是指一切的一切。你就是你，接纳自己是人生的全部意义所在——无需抱歉，也不必悔恨。
Play this should not be out of the play, the only thing to do is timely to leave.
参演这部本不该出的戏，唯一能够做的就是适时离开。
Never regret.If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience.
不必遗憾。若是美好，叫做精彩。若是糟糕，叫做经历。
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
友谊可能而且常常发展成为爱情，而爱情决不会降为友谊。
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
具有新想法的人在其想法实现之前是个怪人。
A game is always popular between the people, that is "lose once you get serious"
人和人之间都很喜欢玩一个历久不衰的游戏，叫“你一认真你就输了”。
To forgive is not to forget, nor remit, but let it go.
宽恕并不代表忘记，也不代表赦免，而是放自己一条生路。
Was said that 1000 I loved you, so long as but bid good-bye may finish. This is a love.
即是说一千遍我爱你，但只要一句分手就可以结束。这就是爱情。
I think the most beautiful woman is not her own, but she create beautiful atmosphere。
我认为最美丽的女人不是她自身，而是她营造的美丽氛围。
We are only from each other's life was not careful, could not forget..
我们只是从对方生命中不小心经过，留下了无法忘怀的气味..
If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you won't give up. If you give up, you're not worth it.
如果她很棒，不会很好追。如果她很好追，则不会很棒。如果她值得，你不该放弃。如果你放弃，则是你不配。
When the life give you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
当生活给你一百个理由哭泣时，你就拿出一千个理由笑给它看。
If you love someone, you will know everything about her withoutasking her; if you don't love someone, you will forget everything even if she told you everything.
如果你爱一个人，你会了解她的一切，而不需要问她；如果你不爱一个人，即使她告诉你她的一切，你也还是会忘记的。
One of my biggest fears is watching the person I love, love someone else.
我最害怕的一件事情是，看着我心爱的人爱上另外一个人。
I just wanna listen to the song you sing, while I no longer feel reluctant to lose. All scenery changing, I only like you.
有时候我只愿意听你唱完一首歌，而不再觉得失去是舍不得。在所有人事已非的景色里，我最喜欢你。
Just be yourself and one day you will find someone who loves you for everything you are.
做最真实的自己就好了，总有一天你会找到一个人，他会爱上你的一切。
Active long will be very tired, care about for a long time will crash!
主动久了会很累，在乎久了会崩溃!
I have decided to be happy, because it is good for my health.
我已经决定了，要做个快乐的人，因为这对我的健康很有益。
The shortest word I know is “I”. The sweetest word I know is “Love”. And the person I never forget is “You”
我知道的最短的词是“I”。我知道的最甜蜜的词是“Love”。我永远都不会忘记的人是“You”。
I`d rather love someone I can`t have than have someone I can`t Love 。
我宁愿爱上一个我不能拥有的人，也不想拥有一个我无法爱上的人。
Never make somebody your everything,because when they are gone you will have nothing left.
无论如何，不能让某个人成为你的全部,若是有天他离开了，你将一无所有。
You were once happy without him. You will be happy again.
没他前，你快乐过。（所以，）你会重新快乐起来。
Everyone in the world needs someone they can depend on. But occasionally in life, the people we thought would always be there for us leave.
这个世界上的每个人都需要有人依靠。有时生活里，那个我们认为一直会在那里，让我们依靠的人也会离开。
To see a world in a grain of sand, And a heaven in a wild flower, Hold infinity in the palm of your hand, And eternity in an hour.
一沙一世界，一花一天堂。把无限握在你的手掌，永恒在刹那间收藏。
If you wish to succeed , you should use persistence as your good friend , experience as your reference , prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.
如果你希望成功，当以恒心为良友、以经验为参谋、以谨慎为兄弟、以希望为哨兵。
Those days when we were together appear in my mind time after time, because they were so joyful, happy, blest, disappointing, sad and painful. I miss you ,and miss you so much..
常常想起曾和你在一起的那些日子.开心、快乐、幸福、失落、伤心、痛苦的 所有日子。很想你，很想你。
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity. So let us seize it, not in fear, but in gladness.
命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。因此，让我们毫无畏惧，满心愉悦地把握命运。
No matter the ending is perfect or not, you cannot disappear from my world.
我的世界不允许你的消失，不管结局是否完美。
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
我们不能同时去办所有的事，但我们能立即去办一些事。
For we lose not only by death, But also by leaving and being left, By changing and letting go and moving on..
让我们失去所拥有的不仅仅是死亡，还有离别和离去，还有改变，放弃和前行..
Two men because happy together that like，if not happy also want together that is love．
两个人因为开心在一起叫喜欢，如果不开心还想要在一起那就是爱了…
When you finally get your own happiness, you will understand the previous sadness is kind of treasure, which makes you better to hold and cherish the people you love.
等你获得真正属于你的幸福之后，你就会明白一起的伤痛其实是一种财富，它让你学会更好地去把握和珍惜你爱的人。
Every girl is same, just some people with strong appearance covered fragile heart.
每个女孩都一样,只不过有的人用坚强的外表掩盖了脆弱的内心。
Good things come to those who smile. Have you smile today? Keep smiling.
好事情总是发生在那些微笑着的人身上。你今天微笑了么？
The world won't care about your self-esteem. The world will expect you to accomplish something before you feel good about yourself.
这世界并不会在意你的自尊。这世界指望你在自我感觉良好之前先要有所成就。
Everyone is a moon and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
每个人都是一轮月亮,都有着从不示人的阴暗一面。
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
也许他们忘记了你说过什么，但他们绝不会忘记你给他们的感觉。
Once you have a dream,just go for it,never give it up easily;your dream might not come true in one day or two,but it will someday.
一旦你有梦想,就要去争取，永远都不要轻易放弃，你的梦想可能不会在一两天实现，但某一天一定会.坚持到最后的就是真正的赢家.
Sunrise east xishan, sorrow also day falls, xi also day; Beareth not drill tip, the human is also comfortable corner Schwartz, the heart also.
日出东海落西山，愁也一天，喜也一天；遇事不钻角尖，人也舒坦，心也舒。
No matter how many painstakingly his future with you finish although love is a responsibility.Give to give to complete.
不管未来多苦多难有他陪你完成虽然爱是种责任。给要给得完整。
Histories make men wise ; poems witty; the mathematics subtle; philosophy deep ; moral grave ; logic and rhetoric able to contend .
历史使人明智；诗词使人灵秀；数学使人周密；哲学使人深刻；伦理使人庄重；逻辑修辞学使人善辨。
The quality of the life you live... has everything to do with what you're willing to give. A good heart always brings joy.
生活的幸福程度永远跟你的分享精神成正比。一颗有爱的心总是能给人带来幸福和快乐。
A perfect plan isn't better than action and life isn't determinate.Pondering won't bring the answer of your doubts.Just do it harder and harder.
一切都不是规划出来的。人生充满了不确定，你只能努力，实在不用想太多，因为你心中的疑惑不会有答案的。
If you understand the value of love and love you have given me I have to wait for the future.
只要你明白， 珍惜爱与被爱，我愿意等待，你给我的未来。
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that death will tremble to take us.
我们若能大笑世事无常，好好活一场，死神也会战栗一旁。
Don't make the choice if you dislike, once you make the decision, please hold on.
不喜欢就不要选择，选择了就要坚持。
You need to forget what has gone, appreciate what has left, and look forward to what's next.
你需要忘记失去的，感激拥有的，和期待即将到来的。
Never explain yourself. Your friends don’t need it, and your enemies won’t believe it.
永远无需解释你自己，（因为）朋友用不着你解释，敌人也不会相信的。
Women must be able to deal with lies, tolerate perfunctory responses, endure deceptions, forget promises and let go of everything.
人一定要经得起假话， 受得起敷衍， 忍得住欺骗， 忘得了诺言， 放得下一切。
There are two reasons why I wake up in the morning my alarm clock and you.
我早上愿意醒来为两个理由：闹钟和你。
We call some people dear without a heart to love. But for some we call idiot, we love them truly.
有些人我们叫着亲爱的却并不真心喜欢， 有些人我们骂着傻瓜却是真的爱着。
Leave all your unhappiness to yesterday, give all your hopes to tomorrow, and do all your hard work today.
把所有的不快给昨天，把所有的希望给明天，把所有的努力给今天。
I'm doing okay, not great, not amazing, not horrible,just okay. And that is okay.
我过得还可以，不好不坏，不惊不喜，一切只是还可以。这样的生活我觉得也挺好。
Waiting is painful.Forgetting is painful.But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
等待是一种痛。忘掉也是一种痛。但不知道该怎么办，是一种更折磨人的痛。
Happiness is a journey, not a destination. So work like you don’t need the money, love like you have never been hurt, and dance like no one’s watching.
幸福是一段旅程而不是终点，所以，工作吧，就像不需要金钱一样，去爱吧，就像从未受过伤一样，跳舞吧，就像没有人注视一样。
Something you will realize only when you doit,when you make mistakes or when you grow up.
有些事，做了才知道。有些事，错了才知道。有些事，长大了才知道。
Silence isthe way to avoid many problems. Smile is the way to solve many problems.
沉默是避免许多问题的方法。微笑是解决许多问题的方法。
If wedid all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astoundourselves.
如果把我们能做到的都做了，最终连我们自己都会被吓到。
The beauty ofa woman is not in a facial mode, but the true beauty in a woman is reflected inher soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that sheshows.
女人真正的美丽不在于外表，而在于她的灵魂，在于她对别人亲切的关怀，以及对生活的热情。
The only timeyou should look back in life, is to see how far you have come.
一生中你唯一需要回头的时候，是为了看自己到底走了多远。
People are always looking for more and forgetabout what they already have.
人们总是想得到更多，却忘了他们已经拥有的。
There aremany paths you can take in life. Some you can choose, others are chosen for you.
人生可以走的路有很多，有些是我们自己可以选择的，有些却是我们必须接受的。
Sometimes tiredness is also something to be enjoyed, as it shows that you're living life to the full.
累，有时候也是种享受，因为它让生活变得充实。
It's hard to take a role in someone's life when you're not even part of the script.
若别人的剧本里根本没有你，那么你是很难在别人的生活里去扮演什么角色的。
If you waitto do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.
如果你等到每件事都确定是对的才去做，那你也许永远都成不了什么事。
When agirl thinks of her future with her boyfriend, it's normal. But when a boythinks of his future with his girlfriend, he's serious.
一个女生幻想她和男朋友的未来，是很自然的。而一个男生开始思考他和女朋友的未来，他是认真的。
It's always niceto have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.
在生命中，有一个即使不在你身边，也能逗你笑的人，是一件幸福的事。
Many peoplestart a career with a dream, then get busy forgetting it.
很多人一开始为了梦想而忙，后来忙得忘了梦想。
The two things you must never give up are life and love.
有两件事你永远也不能放弃，那就是生命和爱。
When you know what you have done wrong,punishment is not so painful because it feels deserved.
当你知道你错在哪里，惩罚显得不再那么痛苦，因为一切都是你应得的。
Four steps tosucceed:Stand the loneliness, withstand the temptation,understand how to give up, learn to choose.
成功人生四步曲：1、耐住寂寞；2、抵住诱惑；3、懂得放弃；4、学会选择。
Learning toignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
学会忽略，是通向内在平静的一条大路。
Ifsomeone in your life makes you forget your Past , that someone is probably yourFuture.
如果有个人能让你忘掉过去，那TA很可能就是你的未来。
The lastperson you think about before you fall asleep is the one who truly owns yourheart.
睡觉之前想的最后一个人，是真正占据你内心的人。
Youth is too good, good to have you no matter how all feel wasted, a look back, all have regrets.
青春太好，好到你无论怎么过都觉浪掷，回头一看，都要生悔。
Life is like a dandelion floating in the wind - it seems free and unrestrained, but is actually without the ability to act of its own will.
生活就像随风飘散的蒲公英，看似自由，却身不由己。
Life is likeriding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
生活就像骑单车，为了保持平衡你必须一直往前。
Noteverything is meant to be. But everything is worth a try.
不是每件事都注定会成功，但是每件事都值得一试。
Don't letsomething that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.
别因为那些不重要的事情，使你错过那些真正重要的事情。
Destiny isnot a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waitedfor, it is a thing to be achieved.
命运不是机遇，而是选择。命运不靠等待，而凭争取。
Don't giveup, just keep putting one foot in front of the other, keep your eyes open toopportunities and you'll get where you want.
别放弃，一步一步走下去，别让机会从眼前溜走，最终你会到达你想去的地方。
Being able towait is a sign of true love and patience.Anyone can say she loves you but noteveryone can wait for you.
真正的爱情需要等待，谁都可以说爱你，但不是人人都能等你。
Life is short. There is no time to leave important words unsaid.
生命短暂。有些重要的话，要是现在不说，就没机会说了。
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
成功是位差劲的老师。它诱导聪明的人觉得：自己不能失败。
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, or you will never grow up.
你不尝试着做些能力之外的事情，就永远无法成长。
It doesn’t matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
你从哪里来并不重要，最重要的是你将要去哪里。
Fall in love with an important symbol is: any beauty met in regret, why you're not around.
爱上一个人的重要标志就是：遇上任何美景都在遗憾，为何你不在身边。
Give up worrying about what others think of you. What they think isn't important. What is important is how you feel about yourself.
不要为别人怎么看你而烦恼。别人的看法并不重要，重要的是你怎么看待你自己。
Sometimes,you have to be your own hero.Because sometimes the people you can't live without can live without you.
有时候，你必须要做你自己的英雄。因为有时候那些你离不开的人并不是都离不开你。
The greatest revenge is to accomplish what others say you cannot do.
最大的报复就是成就别人认为你做不到的事！
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.
如果你等到每件事都确定是对的才去做，那你也许永远都成不了什么事。
Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it。
有些人还在继续梦想成功时，另一些人却已经醒来努力为之奋斗了。
Some things, when we are young, we don't know. When we know the time, no longer young.
一些事情，当我们年轻的时候，无法懂得。当我们懂得的时候，已不再年轻。
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no crown.
没有播种，何来收获；没有辛劳，何来成功；没有磨难，何来荣耀；没有挫折，何来辉煌。
We call some people dear without a heart to love.But for some we call idiot, we love them truly.
有些人我们叫着亲爱的却并不真心喜欢， 有些人我们骂着傻瓜却是真的爱着。
I love you not for who you are, but for who I am with you.
我爱你不是因为你是谁，而是我在你面前可以是谁。
I am who I am and who I was and I am who I will always be.
我就是我，过去是，现在是，将来也是。
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow. When the lamp is off,you will find the shadow everywhere.
爱情是灯，友情是影子，当灯灭了，你会发现你的周围都是影子。
Busy is a blessing, let us no time to feel pain; run around is a pleasure, so that we truly experience life; fatigue is a pleasure, let us no time to empty.
忙碌是一种幸福，让我们没时间体会痛苦；奔波是一种快乐，让我们真实的感受生活；疲惫是一种享受，让我们无暇空虚。
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses, and still thinks you’re completely amazing.
生命中最好的事情就是找到那个知道你所有的错误和缺点，却依然认为你非常棒的人。
A sad thing in life is when you meet someone who means a lot to you，only to find out in the end that it was never meant to be and you just have to let go.
生命中令人悲伤的一件事是你遇到了一个对你来说很重要的人，但却最终发现你们有缘无份，因此你不得不放手。
But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
但不知道该怎么办，是一种更折磨人的痛。
The best things in life are unseen, that’s why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry and dream.
生命中最美好的都是看不见的，这就是为什么我们会在接吻，哭泣，许愿的时候闭上眼睛。
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who matter don’t mind, and those that mind don’t matter.
做你自己，说出你的感受。因为那些对你重要的人不会介意，而那些介意的人对你并不重要。
Love is my sickness and you are my drug, I’m ADDICTED.
爱是一种病，我赶上了。你是我的药，我上瘾了。
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
——当生活给你100个伤心的原因，你就还它1000个微笑的理由。
Sometimes, smiles are like band-aids. They cover up the pain but it still hurts.
有时候，微笑就像创可贴。虽然掩饰住了伤口，但是心痛依然。
If you ask me how much you mean to me ，my answer will be that you are unique 。
如果你问我，你对我有多重要，我的回答是，你是独一无二的。
Don't let yourself be controlled by these three things: your past, people, and money.
不要让自己被三件事所控制：过去，别人和金钱。
True friends won't grow apart even when they don't talk every day.
真正的朋友就算不每天聊天，也不会疏离。
You can't reach for anything new if your hands are still full of yesterday's junk.
如果你的双手仍被昨天的垃圾占据，你就无法获得任何新鲜的东西。
Whether in uphill or decline, appropriate must know stop, stop to look is to better repositories.
不管是身处上坡还是下坡，适当的时候一定要懂得让自己停下来，驻足来回望是为了更好的迈入。
Do not think about the past.Accept the present.Think for the future,and face tomorrow with a sweet and beautiful smile.
不要老是想着过去。接受现在，畅想未来，用一个最甜最美的微笑面对未来。
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do.
成长会让人明白，唯一后悔的只是那些自己不曾尝试的事。
Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.
属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。
Everyone experiences failure and learns from it,but the biggest failure is never trying to begin with.
每个人都会经历失败从中学到教训，但最大的失败，却是从未尝试开始。
How do you say goodbye to someone you can't imagine living without? I didn't say goodbye. I didn't say anything. I just walked away.
该如何跟你不想失去的人说再见？我不说再见。我什么都不说，我直接离开。
Pain makes you stronger.Fear makes you brave. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
伤痛使你更坚强，恐惧使你更勇敢，心碎使你更明智。
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
只有敢于经受重大挫折的人，才能获得伟大的成就。
The youth is the water splashed out, waste of hard, hard again sorry。
青春是泼出去的水，用力地浪费，再用力地后悔。
Take a chance, because you never know how perfect something can turn out to be.
抓住机会试一下吧，否则你永远不会知道结局有多美好。
Memories are wonderful things, if you don't have to deal with the past.
如果你不必处理过去，那么回忆是一件美好的事情。
Don't marry just because it seems everyone else is and you don't know you can be happy alone. Multiple times.
不要因为别人都结婚了就草草嫁人。一个人也可以活得很快乐，而且要快乐得多。
Sometimes a little discomfort in the beginning can save a whole lot of pain down the road.
有时起初的隐忍可以避免一路的疼痛。
Expect nothing and accept everything and you will never be disappointed.
不期望什么，坦然接受一切，那你就永远不会失望。
Everybody has a forest of his own. Those lost have lost and those have met will meet each other again.
每个人都有属于自己的一片森林，迷失的人迷失了，相逢的人会再相逢。
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
当生活给你一百个理由哭泣时，你就拿出一千个理由笑给它看。
Rather than love,than money,than faith,than fame,than fairness give me the truth.
我宁可不要爱情、金钱、信仰、名誉和公平，也要事实的真相。
Laughing off annoyance and worries is a kind of calmness and relief. Laughing off misunderstandings and animosities is a kind of frankness and tolerance.
面对烦恼和忧愁一笑而过，是一种平和释然； 面对误解和仇恨一笑而过，是一种坦然宽容。
I can stand your selfishness,tolerate your personality. But I'm not mature enough to forgive your betrayal.
我可以忍受你的自私，包容你的个性，但我还没有成熟到可以原谅你的背叛。
We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that’s when we find out just how strong we really are.
我们都有绝望的时候，只有在勇敢面对时，我们才知道我们有多坚强。
If no if, for our time would stay? Have seen before sunset, heard of the tide, were buried, unreal time into bubble.
如果没有如果，时间是否会为我们停留？曾经看过的夕阳，听过的潮落，都被时间掩埋，幻成泡沫。
A lot of people would rather stay single because they're tired giving their everything and end up with nothing．
人们宁愿选择单身是因为，他们厌倦了付出太多而得到太少。
Being able to wait is a sign of true love and patience．Anyone can say s/he loves you but not everyone can wait for you．
真正的爱情需要等待，谁都可以说爱你，但不是人人都能等你。
I will meet the one who won't leave me one day.
总有一天，我会遇见一个人，一个不会离开我的人。
If you want to prove that you are cleverer than others, you have admitted that you are more stupid than others.
想证明自己比别人聪明的举动，就已经承认自己比别人笨了。
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
有时候，你永远不会知道那个瞬间的真正价值，直到它变作回忆。
Everyone has a story, just a different interpretation of the way.
每个人都有故事，只是演绎的方式不同。
One can not miss too good bye，when even the quietly breathing will feel unforgettable pain.
太想念一个人却不能再见的时候，连静静的呼吸都会感到刻骨铭心的痛。
Don not take people's care for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
不要把别人的关心当成理所当然。不管他有多爱你，最终也会有疲惫的一天。
Single, doesn't mean that u know nothing about love. In fact, being solely is wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
单身并不意味着你不懂爱情，事实上，单身要比陷入错误的一段爱明智得多。
Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you’re climbing it.
所有的人都想停留在山顶，但所有的乐趣和成长发生在往上爬的过程中。
After practising smiling over and over again, we finally become people who dare not cry.
我们始终都在练习微笑,终于变成不敢哭的人。
Happiness is just on my hands, and even lost sense of direction, but still not afraid．
幸福就是只要牵对了手，就算失去了方向感，但仍然不会害怕。
Emancipate youself from your past. The only way to move forward is to stop looking back.
把自己从过去解放出来，前进的唯一方法是别往后看。
If it blossoms, I will love; if not, give up. I just accompany you merrily for the sake of scenery not for you.
如果花开了，就喜欢；如果花落了，就放弃。陪你在路上满心欢喜是因为风景，不是因为你。
Don't ask why people keep hurting you. Ask yourself why you're allowing it to happen。
不要怪别人为什么总是伤害你，问问你自己为什么会允许这种事发生。
Every heart sings a song incomplete until another heart whispers back.
只有当另一颗心接受吟唱，才会使得用心歌唱的心灵完美。
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
你不会因为美丽去爱一个女人，但她却会因为你的爱而变得美丽。
I just want someone who I can act silly with, someone who treats me well and loves being with me.
我只想有个人和我一起2，对我好，喜欢和我呆在一起。
The city has a lot of people every day，but it is always a stranger．
这个城市有很多人，天天相见，却永远都是陌生人。
When you develop unshakable self-confidence, your whole world will change for the better.
当你培养了不可撼动的自信，你的整个世界都会变得更好！
Being able to wait is a sign of true love and patience．Anyone can say she loves you but not everyone can wait for you．
真正的爱情需要等待，谁都可以说爱你，但不是人人都能等你。
If my life is a movie,then you are the pop-up ads.
如果我的人生是一部电影，你就是那弹出来的广告。
No matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point.
不管一个女孩有多坚强，她总是有脆弱的时候。
Relationships are glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
关系就像玻璃，有时候，与其痛苦的去复合，不如就让它碎裂。
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one!
一个女人一辈子总得喜欢上一两个坏男人，才能学会对疼爱自己的男人心存感激。
It takes a life time to find someone, but only a moment to fall in love.
找到对的人也许要花一生的时间，但爱上一个人却往往在一瞬间。
If the relationship doesn't make you a better person, then you are with the wrong one.
如果一段感情，没有把你变成更好的人，那么很遗憾你跟错了人。
We used to talk everyday,now it’s like we don’t even know each other anymore.
曾经我们每天都要聊天，但现在我们却好像根本不认识一样了。
Loving a girl,it's better to keep her and strive for her happiness rather than give her up.
爱一个女孩子，与其为了她的幸福而放弃她，不如留住她，为她的幸福而不断努力！
Just cry and Laugh whenever you want, not because of the hypocrisy of the world, then you become hypocritical.
想哭就哭，想笑就笑，不要因为世界虚伪，你也变得虚伪了。
You can wronged, you can cry, but do not let everyone see your vulnerability.
你可以委屈，可以痛哭，但不要让所有人都看到你的脆弱。
Sunshine is warm，time is quiet and good ，besides you have not come yet.So I do not dare to become old！
阳光温热，岁月静好，你还未来，我怎敢老去！
Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
It flies, marches on, heals all wounds, runs out and will tell.
它能展翅飞翔，能阔步前进，能治愈创伤，能消逝而去，也能揭示真相。
How much truth of hearts in one's life is told in a joke?
辈子有多少真心话是以玩笑的方式说了出去。
Why do people give up easily? Because they focus on the long road ahead, and forget the long road they have come down.
人们为什么轻言放弃？因为他们只是看到前方路途遥远，而忘记了身后的一路坚持。
Adjust your mood, forget those unhappy past, listen to the music, enjoy the view, say something proper, do what you can, go the right path, and meet who you want to.
整理下自己的心情,忘记那些不愉快的往事，听听音乐，看看风景，说能说的话，做可做的事，走该走的路，见想见的人。
Love may fade with the season, but some friendships are year round.
爱情也许会随着季节的变迁而褪去，但友谊会为你全年守侯。
Smiling face, not to blame. Leisurely, the heart, with you. Destined to allow life to change, only a hundred years later, the life of a flower.
笑着面对，不去埋怨。悠然，随心，随性，随缘。注定让一生改变的，只在百年后，那一朵花开的时间。
if she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing.
如果她很棒，不会很好追。如果她很好追，则不会很棒。
If she's worth it, you won't give up. If you give up, you're not worth it.
如果她值得，你不该放弃。如果你放弃，则是你不配。
A lot of people actually appear like friends, and many are not friends of friends did not appear like friends.
很多显得像朋友的人其实不是朋友，而很多是朋友的倒并不显得像朋友。
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
我想要的不过是一个不管多难却始终都会在我身边的人。
Love is light and friendship is shadow.When the light breaks,you'd find you are surrounded by shadow.Friends,who will give you strength in the end.
爱情是灯，友情是影子，当灯灭了，你会发现你的周围都是影子。朋友，是在黑暗时候给你力量的人。
If the heart of a dynamic, tears to thousands of lines.
心若一动，泪就千行。
Caring for someone is easy, but to make someone care for you is difficult.
关心别人不难，难的是让别人关心你。
Most fortunate in my life two things, one is finally the time I love you exhausted.
我一生中最幸运的两件事，一件是时间终于将我对你的爱消耗殆尽。
One a long time ago that one day I met you.
一件是很久很久以前有一天，我遇见你。
I feel so stupid when I text you and you never reply back.
每当我发短信给你你没回我，我就觉得自己特别蠢。
A man becomes old when regret takes the place of dream.
当后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老了。
Here is the world.Beautiful and terrible things will happen.Do not be afraid.
这就是我们生活的世界：美好的可怕的事情都会发生，别害怕。
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
生活是条沉船，但我们不要忘了在救生艇上高歌。
When everything is gone with the wind,when all those special moments into eternity.
当一切都随风而逝的时候，那些特别的瞬间都成了永恒。
If I never meet you, then I never have to lose you.
如果我从没遇见你，那我就不会失去你。
Half of the people in the world cannot understand your point, while the other half are not willing to.
世界上有一半的人听不懂你说什么，剩下的一半根本不想听。
That smile you see across my face is caused by you.
你看到我脸上一闪而过的笑容，那是因你而起。
We all have a friend who never has a clue what's going on.
我们都有一个永远搞不清状况的朋友。
Sometimes, you have to give up on people, not because you don't care, because they don't.
有时候你不得不放弃一个人，不是因为你不在乎，而是因为他们不在乎。
Real aloneness is not one's loneliness,but the loss of oneself in the endless noise.
真正的孤独不是一个人寂寞，而是在无尽的喧哗中丧失了自我。
You can hurt with your words but sometimes you can hurt more with your silence．
生活中，你说的话可能会伤到别人，但有时候，你的沉默会让人伤得更深。
It's better to try hard to love yourself more than to wait someone to love you．
与其等到别人来爱你，不如自己学着努力多爱自己一些。
In the end you well see who's fake, who's true and who would risk it all just for you.
你终会明白，谁是虚情假意，谁是真心爱你，谁会为你不顾一切。
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
那些认为自己能成功的人迟早都会成功。
People ccry not because love ends, but because still continues,Even if it's over.
人们伤心，不是因为爱情结束了，而是因为当一切都结束了，爱还在。
The greater one's love for a person, the less room for flattery. The proof of true love is to be unsparing in criticism.
爱一个人爱得越深就越少恭维他，毫无保留的批评才能验证真的感情。
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
生命中最困难的事情之一，就是心中有话却不能说。
Never blame any day in your life. Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience and worst days give you a lesson.
不要抱怨生命中的每一天，美好的日子带给你快乐，倒霉的日子带给你经验，最糟糕的日子带给你教训。
One can meet a person in a minute, like a person in an hour and love a person in a day, but forget will take me a whole life to forget you.
遇上一个人要一分钟的时间，喜欢一个人只需一小时的时间，爱上一个人要一天的时间，可要我忘记你却要用上一生的时间。
Maybe people around him less and less, but I know to stay is the most important.
也许身边的人越来越少，可是我知道留下来的都是最重要。
When your enemy falls, don’t rejoice,but don’t pick him up either.
当你的敌人跌倒，别沾沾自喜，但也不必扶他起来。
The face of a woman without a close look at the hearts of men without a closer look. Some people, the body near the heart will far.
女人的脸不经近看，男人的心不经细看。有些人，身近了，心也就远了。
It’s better to not know which moment may be your last, every morsel of your entire being alive to the infinite mystery of it all. C’est la vie.”
永远不要妄图知道自己的末日，生命的奥妙就在于活在当下。
Rather than talking about something,keeping it in heart is the real happiness.
有些事情，不需要放在嘴上，而是放在心里，那才是真正的幸福。
In life,we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love.
人的一生，都有一些说不出的秘密，挽不回的遗憾，触不到的梦想，忘不了的爱。
If you stay angry for one minute, it means 60 seconds of happiness lost!
你只要生气一分钟，就丧失了60秒的快乐！
Sometimes there are no explanations and all you have to do is follow your heart and hope you made the right decision.
有的时候，很多事情根本无法解释清楚，你要做的就是跟随你的内心，并祈祷自己做出的选择是正确的。
Your name is so ordinary but it affects my mood all round.
你那么平凡的名字却影响我那么多的情绪。
person who truely loves you is someone who can sees the pain in your eyes, while everyone else still believe in the smile on your face.
当所有人都因为看到你面上的笑容，而相信你是快乐的；一个真正爱你的人，却能从你的眼中看到你的痛苦。
Stop trying to understand everything，because sometimes it’s not meant to understand but，rather to accept．
不要试图去理解所有事，有时我们不需理解，只需接受。
A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never cease to be amused.
一个知道如何自嘲的人，会永远生活在快乐里。
The more you know of who you are and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
你越知道自己想要什么，就越不会被其他事情左右。
The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but thought about it.
造成我们痛苦的，并非问题本身，而是我们对问题的想法。
I've been to lots of places. But I've learned it's not where you are, it's who you're with.
我去过很多地方。但我发现重要的不是去哪儿，而是和谁一起。
Some days I can’t stop talking. Some days I just don’t want to talk at all.
有些时候，我说得停不了嘴。有些时候，我就是什么都不想说。
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the one that do.
改变世界的人，就是那些疯狂到相信他们能将之改变的。
Sometimes, the most painful not lose, but get later not happy.
有时候，最痛苦的不是失去，而是得到以后不快乐。
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
永远不要放弃你真正想要的东西。等待虽难，但后悔更甚。
When you need someone to listen, I'll be there. When you need a hug, I'll be there. When you need someone to wipe your tears, guess what? I'll be there.
当你需要倾诉，我就在这里；当你需要一个温暖的拥抱，我就在这里；当你需要有人为你擦去伤心的泪水，我就在这里。
We are so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.
我们是如此的担心着未来会发生的事情，因此忘记了慢下来享受现在。
Maybe some people are just passing through to teach us a lesson.
也许有些人经过，只是为了给我们上一课。
All I need is someone who can stay no matter how hard it is to be with me.
我需要的只是一个人可以不管有多难，都陪着我。
I am thankful for all those difficult people in my life; they have shown me exactly who I do not want to be.
我感谢生命中那些贱人；他们完完全全向我展示了我绝对不想做的那种人。
I know when to stop. I know when to let things go. I know when to move on. But I know is different from I can.
我知道何时止步，何时放手，何时前行。但是，我“知道”不代表我“能够”。
I always in the deepest despair, meet the most beautiful surprise.
我总在最深的绝望里，遇见最美丽的惊喜。
Today is the Tomorrow you worried about yesterday, and all is well.
今天就是你昨天在担心的明天，一切都会好。
Always remember：when the pain of holding on is greater than the pain of letting go，it's time to let go.
记住：当坚持之苦大过放弃之痛，是该放手的时候了。
Unless your name is Baidu , stop acting like you know everything!
除非你叫百度,不然就请你停止装出一副无所不知的样子！
Everything changes, Time Changes, People changes, Love changes. However, it doesn't matter, because “You are the reason I am！
任何事都在变，时间在变，人在变，爱在变，但是没关系，因为，你就是我存在的唯一理由。
We've never forgotten about the truth. We are just becoming skillful liars.
我们从没有忘记真相，只是我们越来越会说谎。
Three things that bring real happiness to your life: Having someone to love,doing the career you enjoy and owning a dream.
人生拥有三件事便可真正快乐：有爱的人，有喜欢的事业，有梦想。
Some people come into our lives and quickly go.Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts.
一些人闯进我们的生活，又匆匆走了；一些人稍作停留，并在我们的心上印下了他们的痕迹。
Love is ever the beginning of knowledge as fire is of light.
知识总是从爱好开始，犹如光总是从火开始一样。
Nothing ever built arose to touch the skies unless some man dreamed that it should, some man believed that it could, and some man willed that it must.
多少伟大的东西，都是起于一两人之梦想。先是一些人觉得也许可以做到，然后另一些人下定决心，一定要把它做出来。
Sometimes our hearts just need time to accept what our heads already know．
有时候，虽然能想明白，但心里就是接受不了。
A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes the smile on your face．
真正的朋友能读懂你眼神中的哀伤，而其他人却相信你脸上的微笑。
I don't know where I am going, but I am on my way.
我不知将去何方，但我已在路上。
Try holding your right hand with left one to give the simplest warmth to yourself.
试着用左手握住右手，给了自己最简单的温暖。
Don't long for the giving from others,start to learn to be self-sufficient.
不会再奢求别人的给予，开始学着自己给自己。
This is how much warmth I have in my life. I give it all to you.
我生命里的温暖就那么多，全部给了你。
What call redundant? Summer cotton padded jacket，winter stalk，and your heart cold as diligent．
什么叫多余？ 夏天的棉袄、冬天的蒲扇、还有等我心冷后你的殷勤。
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your inner peace.
对自己承诺：我要强大到任何事情都无法破坏我内心的平和。
Don't worry too much about the ambiguous future, just make effort for explicit being present.
不为模糊不清的未来过分担忧，只为清清楚楚的现在奋发图强。
The heart of woman is a glass holding water. It is full but seems to have nothing inside.
女人心是只盛水的玻璃瓶，明明已经装的满满的，却又好像什么都没有。
Never use your eyes to cry for the one who fooled you, instead use them to look for the right one.
眼睛永远不要为那些愚弄过你的人哭泣，用它来找寻你的真命天子吧。
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and love today.
我不害怕明天，因为我经历过昨天，又热爱今天。
Fate is not pass by，but hug each other．You stood on tiptoe，each other's heart will be stuck nearlier more．
缘分不是擦肩而过，而是彼此拥抱。你踮起脚尖，彼此的心就会贴得更近。
I don't think you know that you are the light of my world and I'm the luckiest person to know you.
我想你不知道你照亮了我的世界，但是认识了你，我成为了那个最幸运的人。
It's better to try hard to love yourself more than to wait someone to love u.
与其等别人来爱你，不如自己学着努力多爱自己一些。
If today u don't like yourself more than yesterday, so what's the meaning of tomorrow?
如果今天的你没有比昨天更喜欢自己，那明天对你来说又有什么意义呢？
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
并非我们所有人都能干大事，但是我们可以胸怀大爱做小事。
No matter how painful an experience you might have had, eventually everything will be forgotten. There's nothing that can beat time.
不管你经历多痛的事情，到最后都会渐渐遗忘。没有什么能敌得过时光。
Instead of wiping away your tears, wipe away the people who made you cry.
与其抹眼泪，不如抹掉那个让你流泪的人。
I may not be there yet, but I’m closer than I was yesterday.
我也许还没到达那里，但我比昨天又近了一点。
If u succeed in cheating some one, never think that the person is a fool rather than realise that the person trusted u much than u deserved.!
如果你成功的欺骗了某人，别光想着那人是个大傻瓜，而没有意识到那人对你的那份信任，你配么？
I don't know what to say...I'm just thinking of you a lot at this moment.
我不知道该说什么，我只是突然在这一刻，很想你。
In life, we have secrets, things we regret, dreams we can’t reach and a love that we will never forget.
生活中，我们有秘密，有悔恨之事，有触不到的梦想，还有永远忘不掉的爱。
It's tough when someone special starts to ignore you, but it's even tougher to pretend that you don't care.
被特别在乎的人忽略，会很难过，而更难过的是你还要装作你不在乎。
There is no elevator to success. You will have to take the stairs.
成功没有电梯可乘。只有一级一级攀登的阶梯。
Life is simple; you make a choice and don’t look back.
生活是简单的。你做出选择，然后就不要回头。
Enjoy the present, each moment as it comes, because you'll never get another one quite like it.
享受现在，你拥有的每一刻都是独一无二的。
We fight. We cry. And sometimes, we give up. But in our hearts, we know it's still love.
我们挣扎、哭泣，有时甚至放弃。但内心始终充满爱。
Emancipate yourself from your past. The only way to move forward is to stop looking back!
把自己从过去解放出来，前进的唯一方法是别往后看。
Life's too short to worry about what people may think or talk about you, do what you want to do and be happy.
人生苦短，无谓去担心别人怎么想你，怎么说你，做你自己想做的，快乐一点。
The problem these days is that people are never happy with what's in front of them. They're more interested in what they don't have.
现在的问题是，人们不会满足于摆在面前的一切。他们更感兴趣的是自己没有的。
You've got one life, one chance. And what you do with it is up to you.
你只有这一辈子，只有这一次机会。要怎么做完全取决于你。
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of your happiness.
你生一分钟气，就失去了60秒的快乐。
Good things come to those who wait, but better things come to those who work for it.
好事会在等待的人身上降临，但为之奋斗的人会遇到更好的事。
Do not,for one repulse,give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.
不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。
If you want to happiness, the heart is a little bit more simple; If you want to free and easy point, requirements for life is a little bit more simple.
要想幸福一点，心就要简单一点；要想洒脱一点，对生活要求就简单一点。
It does seem as though people who have brushes with death change their behavior in significant ways.
确实似乎有过和死亡擦肩而过经历的人，行为会显著地改变。
No incurable pain, no not the end of the destruction, all lost, will be back in another way.
没有不可治愈的伤痛，没有不能结束的沉沦，所有失去的，会以另一种方式归来。
I wish I could let go of my problems like balloons.
我希望我可以像放飞气球一样放飞我的烦恼。
No matter how bad it is happening today,you shouldn't be sad.Because on this day,you are the youngest in the rest of your life.
无论今天发生多么糟糕的事，都不应该感到悲伤。因为今天是你往后日子里最年轻的一天了.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way.That's what makes us unique.You may not see that,but the person who truly loves you will.
每个人都有属于自己的美，这让我们与众不同；有时甚至连你自己都会忽略，但真正爱你的人一定会发现它。
We must be able to gain deep friendship, maybe even more attention oneself how to behave, not to abuse the ZhiRenZhiMing good friends.
我们要能多得到深挚的友谊，也许还要多多注意自己怎样做人，不辜负好友们的知人之明。
Don't have quiet sorrow dark hate living, this silent wins audio.
别有幽愁暗恨生，此处无声胜有声。
Open communication, trust, and honesty are the most important ingredients in a relationship.
在一段感情中最重要的莫过于真诚，信任，直言不讳。
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour.
一个真正快乐的人是那种在走弯路时也不忘享受风景的人。
One might as well have been at a battalion headquarters in the line.
我们好象是生活在前线的一个营指挥所里。
When we can't find the way out ahead,it may have come behind him
当我们找不到前方的出路，它可能已来到我们身后
Mr. Robinson sat, pulled out a handkerchief and wiped his large yellow face.
鲁宾逊先生坐下来,拿出一块手帕揩着宽大而腊黄的脸
One lady brought in a biscuit on a wheelbarrow. It weighed nearly 500 pounds.
一位女士用手推车运来一个饼干，重达500磅左右。
not that I encourage any sort of fight).打量怎么说？用“size sb. up", eg, From the minute she walked into the club, every woman started to size her up.
上下打量】怎么说？有时候女童鞋们看到一个不认识的女生远远地走过来，开始暗自打量对方。或者男生要跟人打架前要先打量看打得过不
Merill coke n lion. 7 on 7. Day one. 3 n 0. Allstars. 4 more to go.
Merill coke和我。7对7。第一天。3和0。全明星。还差4个
This is not where we wanted to be, and it’s not where we deserve to be.
就这样结束，不是我们所想要的，也不是我们应得的
After a long debate, the house of commons approved the bill.   n.
经过长时间的辩论，下议院通过了议案。
The whole secret of her experience was as if enclosed in her name.
好像她所体验的整个秘密都包涵在她的名字里了
listen before you talk, think before you react, earn before you spend, try before you quit.
在你说话之前，先听；在你回应之前，先想；在你消费之前，先挣；在你退出之前，先试。
if you have the opportunity/need to say it, don't be afraid and just say it. Don't keep things inside, life is too short... say it.
如果有机会说出这句话，不要害怕，大胆说出来。不要留下任何遗憾。人生很短暂…说吧。
3.The law and the necessary punishments delineate a bottom line for decent human interaction.
法律和相关的惩罚措施只表达了体面的人类关系的最低要求
CThe EU and Australia have agreed to link their carbon markets in a move that both sides hope will lay the foundation for a global trading system.
欧盟和澳大利亚同意对接它们的碳排放市场，双方希望此举能为建立全球碳交易体系奠定基础。
Man goes into the noisy crowd to drown his own clamor of silence.
人们走进喧哗的人群里，是为了淹没自己心里沉默的呐喊。
To  Scroobiuspipyo: I know. I just had to calm down some angry Americans :)
对 Scroobiuspipyo说：我知道，我只是需要让一些气愤的美国人先冷静下来:)
A survey conducted by Beijing Municipal hospital management bureau shows that the public generally gave positive feedback to the city’s medical reforms.
北京市医管局表示，医药分开不仅仅是单纯取消15%药品加成，更是医院系列体制、机制、服务模式的变化。
This is the single most disgusting thing I have ever read.
这是我读过的最恶心的一个故事
This is a very sad situation. Do you agree with my opinion?
这是一个非常悲哀的情况。你同意我的意见吗
this month's edition of Madame Figaro has my interview, trouble you guys to go and buy a copy! I need your support!
太棒了，这月刊的费加罗有我的专访，麻烦大家支持一下买一本。需要你们的支持！
This courageous gentleman and hardy soldier was near swooning from intensity of emotion.
这位勇敢的绅士,刚强的士兵由于感情的强烈迸发几乎晕了过去
Shooting Mens Fitness today. I've been on a steady diet of cupcakes, whisky, and spaghetti.
今天为Mens Fitness拍摄，我一直保持固定的饮食搭配：纸杯蛋糕，威士忌和意大利面。
You get exact intelligence of the enemy's location and movements, without disclosing your own.
你不用暴露自己就能获得敌人所在位置及其活动的准确情报。
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you can not do.
人生的一大乐趣是挑战别人认为你不能完成的事情。——白芝皓
My favorite scenes in the show always have to do with emotional arcs within the characters.
我在这部剧中最喜欢的场景总是与角色间的情感纠葛有关系
I thought you are the only one who understood me.But now when all the others know I’m upset,you are the only one who still don’t find it.
我曾以为你是唯一懂我的人。但是现在所有人都知道我很沮丧都时候你是唯一一个没有发现的人。
You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day your order takes out and it changes your life.
你每天都在做很多看起来毫无意义的决定,但某天你的某个决定就能改变你的一生。
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind．
对自己承诺：我要强大到任何事情都无法破坏我内心的平和。
Don’t think of “ good-bye” as an ending because in our hearts we will always have a part of yesterday.
不要把”再见”当成一种结束,因为我们心中永远存留昨天的部分记忆。
L'amour a son instinct, il sait trouver le chemin du Coeur comme le plus faible insecte marche à sa fleur avec une irrésistible volonté.
爱情有一种本能，她知道如何找到心的路程。就像一只最弱小的昆虫，有一种无与伦比的力量，牵引它在它最喜爱的花朵上爬行。
I can't promise you a perfect relationship without arguments. However, I can promise you as long as you're trying, I'm staying.
我无法信口开河，许诺一段没有争执的完美爱情。但是，我保证只要有你的努力经营，我就会不离不弃。
Among those whom I like, i can find no common denominator, but among those whom i love, i can: all of them make me laugh.
我无法在我所喜欢的人中间找到共同的特征，但我能在我所爱的人中间找到它：他们都会是我欢笑。
People at the mouth of their good people, probably in their time of greatest need appears.
人们口中所谓对自己好的人，大概就是能在自己最需要的时候出现的那个人。
We are eager to grow up, yet as adults we lament our lost childhoods.
我们急于成长，然后又哀叹失去的童年。
Life will knock us down, but we can choose might or not to get back up.
生活中的挫折会把我们打倒，但是我们可以选择是否站立起来。
The best feeling, is someone who understand your about to speak, but saying nothing.
最好的感觉，是有人懂你的欲言又止。
Sometimes u need to look back,otherwise u will never know what u have lost in the way of forever searching.
偶尔要回头看看，否则永远都在追寻而不知道自己失去了什么。
Some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright.
有些鸟是永远都关不住的，因为它们的每一片羽毛上，都闪烁着自由的光辉。
Forgive the one who is, forget those people who are not worthy of.
宽恕那些值得的人，忘记那些不值得的人。
Stop going back to the one who brings you more pain than happiness.
别再回头去找给你伤害远远多于幸福的人。
I'm afraid my best friend has a best friend of his/her own.
我好怕我的好朋友有了自己的好朋友。
When you forgive, you set a prisoner free. And then you discover that the prisoner was you.
当你宽恕的时候，等于释放了一个囚徒，然后你会发现，那个囚徒就是你自己。
Life is like an ocean. You sit and watch tides of life change, not paying much attention, while time slowly drowns you.
人生像海洋。你坐观其潮涨潮落，不经意间，时间慢慢让你沉没。所以，要珍惜每朵小浪花。
They are just making more room for someone better to walk in.
他们只是为更好的人进入你的生活腾出了空间。
I'm in love with you from the day i knew you till now.
我爱你，爱了整整一个曾经。
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
一个人的成功不是看他爬得有多高，而是看他跌倒谷底之后能反弹多高。
Sometimes you need to step outside, clear your head, and remind yourself of who you are and where you wanna be.
有时候你需要退开一点，放空一下，然后提醒自己，我是谁，要去哪里。
The more you want to know whether you have forgotten something, the better you remember; the only thing you can do when you no longer have something is not to forget.
你越想知道自己是不是忘记的时候，你反而记得越清楚，当你不能再拥有的时候，唯一可以做的就是令自己不要忘记。
Many say they don't know what they want.Actually this implies they have no courage to face or have not made enough effort for what they want.
很多人都说：我不知道我自己想要什么。其实这句话的真正含义是：我没有勇气面对和足够的努力去争取我想要的。
The love world is big, which can hold hundreds of disappointments;the love world is small which is crowded even with three people inside.
原来爱情的世界很大，大到可以装下上百种委屈；原来爱情的世界很小，小到三个人就挤到窒息。
If life is a two-way street,please allowed me to hold your hand,walking through the crowd, and never get lost.
如果生活是一条双行道，就请你让我牵着你的手，穿行在茫茫人海里，永远不会走丢。
On the way of success in KuaiZhe do not envy those who walk! Remember, walk ManZhe KuaiZhe can see more often than the scenery!
在踏上成功的路途中不要羨慕那些走路快者！記得，走路慢者往往比快者可以看到更多的風景！
Falling in love is like jumping off a very tall building. Your brain tells u- it's not a good idea, while your heart tells u- you can fly.
陷入热恋就好比从很高的屋顶往下跳，脑袋清醒的告诉你：你疯了；可心里却说：没事，我会飞的。
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
当你的脑子说着要放弃，希望在轻语，再试一次。
The shortest mantra of this world is the name of a person.
世界上最短的咒语就是一个人的名字。
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.
的确只有当我们失去时才知道曾拥有的是什么，同样，只有当我们拥有了才知道曾经失去了什么。
A silent hug means a thousand words to the unhappy heart.
对一颗不快乐的心来说，一个静静的拥抱就是千言万语。
I'm so young that everything sad or happy seems very impressive to me. A gentle touch could be a big deal.
只是因为太年轻，所以所有的悲伤和快乐都显得那么深刻，轻轻一碰就惊天动地。
It doesn't matter what you've done. What matters is what you choose to do from here.
你以前做过什么不重要，重要的是从今以后你想要做什么。
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. If you hate someone, you still care.
爱的反面不是恨，而是漠不关心。如果你恨一个人，说明你还在乎他。
You are lucky as you can choose to love me or not.But for me, I can only choose to love you or more.
你是幸运的，因为你可以选择爱我或不爱我，而我只能选择爱你还是更爱你。
Sometimes, tears is sign of unspoken happiness. And smile is sign of silent pain.
眼泪，有时候是一种无法言说的幸福。微笑，有时候是一种没有说出口的伤痛。
I‘m not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people. But when I say sorry, I mean it.
我不完美，我会犯错，也会伤害到别人。但当我说对不起的时候，我是真心的。
My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
我的性格来源于我是谁，而我的态度取决于你是谁。
Life only comes around once. So make sure you're spending it the right way, with the right ones.
生命只有一次，我们要以正确的方式，和正确的人一起度过。
Among thousands of people, you meet those you’ve met. Through thousands of years, with the boundlessness of time, you happen to meet them, neither earlier nor a bit too late.
于千万人之中，遇见你所遇见的人，于千万年之中，时间的无涯荒野里，没有早一步，也没有晚一步，刚巧赶上了。
If you asked me how many times you’ve crossed my mind, I’d say once, because you never really left.
如果你问我，你有多少次闪过我的心里，我会说“一次”，因为你从未真的离开过。
There are some things that we have no choice but to accept, there are some people who we have no choice but to let go, and there are some roads that after we've chosen them, there's no looking back.
有些事，发生了就只能接受。有些人，失去了就只有放手。有些路，选择了就没得回头。
To forgive is easy,but to trust again is not that easy.
原谅是容易的。再次信任，就没那么容易了。
A true friend is the one who holds your hand and touches your heart.
一个真正的朋友会握着你的手，触动你的心。
Care too little, you’ll lose them. Care too much, you’ll get hurt.
太不在乎，你会失去。太在乎，你会受伤。
This is who I am. Nobody said you had to like it.
这就是我。没人说非要你喜欢。
I timid, but when necessary I would come up with enough courage.
我怯弱，但在必要时我会拿出足够的勇气。
Love is like the wind, I can’t see it,but I can feel it .
爱就像一阵风，虽然看不到，但却能感觉得到。
Tears are how our heart speaks when our lips cannot describe how much we’ve been hurt.
眼泪是我们已伤到无法言喻时，心灵的倾诉。
Do you know what the scariest thing is? To not know your place in this world, to not know why you're here.
你知道最恐怖的感觉是什么吗？是在这个世界上，你不知道自己的位置，不知道你为什么在这里。
Strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.
陌生人可以变成最好的朋友，就像最好的朋友也可以变成陌生人。
No one can go with you for a lifetime, so you have to adjust yourself to be alone.
没有人陪你走一辈子，所以你要适应孤独。
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
只有两种方法去生活：一种是认命；另一种是把生命中的一切都当做奇迹。
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
我喜欢那些时不时冒出来的回忆，无论这一刻过的怎么样，那些回忆都能让我微笑。
I don’t have time to hate people who hate me, because I’m too busy loving people who love me.
我才没有时间去恨那些讨厌我的人，因为我忙着爱那些爱我的人。
True happiness is to fight a little bit, is accumulated day by day.
真正的幸福是一点一点争取的，是一天一天积累的。
Sometimes it's very hard to move on, but once you move on, you'll realize it was the best decision you've ever made.
有时候开始另一段生活的确很难，但一旦你开始了，你就知道这是你做过的最正确的决定。
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationship we are afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
最终，我们只会后悔那些没有抓住的机会，没有勇气爱的人和太晚才做出的决定。
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
你对自己，对自己想要的东西了解越多，你越不会被其他事情所影响。
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same.
有时候，对的事往往也是最难的。
A little consideration, a little thought for others makes all the difference.
一点点体贴，一点点为他人着想，会让一切都不一样。
Always remember that your present situation is not your final destination. The best is yet to come.
要记住你现在的处境并不是你最终的归属，最好的尚未到来。
I'm insecure, but I'm strong. I'm alone, but I'm loved. I'm sad, but I smile.
我缺乏安全感，但我很坚强。我单身，但我是被爱着的。我很悲伤，但我依然微笑。
You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going.
当一个孩子不再问自己从哪里来，也不再谈及他的未来时，他便已经长大了。 不如说他便已经老了！
Crying is the only way your eyes speak when your mouth can't explain how things made your heart broken.
当嘴巴没办法解释这件事让你有多伤心时，哭是唯一的诉说方式。
People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
别人会忘记你说过的话，做过的事。但永远不会忘记你给他们的感觉。
If you listen too much to what people say about you, you will never be who you really are.
如果太在意别人怎么评价你，你永远也不能做真正的自己。
Dear someone, you'll always be on my mind, appear in my dreams and stay in my heart.
亲爱的某人，你存在我深深的脑海里，我的梦里，我的心里。
The most difficult phase of life is not when no one understands you, it is when you don’t understand yourself.
生命中最难的阶段不是没有人懂你，而是你不懂你自己。
His heart has already gone into another season，but you are still on the day when he made the promise.
他的心早已变换了季节，而你还站在他许下诺言的那一天。
You can't help someone get up a hill without getting closer to the top yourself.
想要帮别人爬上山顶，你自己得先接近顶峰。
Treating those annoying with mercy, you will find the world has changed, and so has your mood.
用慈悲的眼光去看待你所厌恶的事情，你会发现这个世界变了，你的心情也变了。
Distance is just a test to see how far the love can travel.
距离是一种考验，为了看看爱到底能走多远。
Smiling is the most beautiful thing of a man，constantly.So keep smile，please！
微笑永远是一个人身上最好看的东西。所以保持微笑吧！
I love you in my own ways，maybe what I give you do not meet your needs ，but what I can give you are the best in my mind.
我以我的方式爱你，也许给你的不是你想要的，但能给的都是我认为最好的。
It is just a few that I can do，when you need me，I am just beside you.
我能做的不多，但你需要的时候，我总是在的。
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them.
生命的价值不在于我们活了多少天，而在于我们如何利用每一天。
If you don't know what is sadness,you won't really appreciate happiness.
不知道什么是忧伤，就不会真正感激幸福。
You do not listen to me carefully when I want to say，then when you desire to listen，I will not say a word.
在我想说的时候你不认真听，在你想听的时候我就不会说了。
Sunshine is warm，time is quiet and good, besides you have not come yet.So I do not dare to become old！
阳光温热，岁月静好，你还未来，我怎敢老去！
We may not talk for hours, days, weeks and months even. But when we do, everything still feels the same.
我们也许好些时候，好几天，甚至好几个月没交流过了。但是当我们一起聊天的时候，一切感觉如旧。
Love her, with plenty of action to prove, rather than sweet, this kind of love can be more long-term.
爱她，就用大量的行动来证明，而不是甜言蜜语，这样的爱情才能更加长久。
Overthinking will ruin you. Ruin the situation, turn things around, make you worry, and just make things worse than they actually are.
想太多会毁掉你，会毁掉当下的一切，让事情变得面目全非，会让你焦虑，从而把事情变得比它本身更糟。
Don't compare your life to others. You have no idea what their journey is all about.
别拿自己的人生与他人比较，你根本不清楚他们的人生是怎么一回事。
Go for the happy endings, because life doesn't have any sequels.
为了美好的结局而努力奋斗吧！因为人生没有续集。
I hope that the bridges are solid and the tunnels are bright that you walk on every day.
愿你每天前行的路上，桥都坚固，隧道都光明。
If everything allows，I hope that you could be the person who can accompany me to watch the whole sunrises and sunsets in my life.
如果可以，我希望你是那个能陪我看过生命里所有日出日落的人。
With my own ears I clearly heard the heart beat of the nuclear bomb.
我亲耳清楚地听到原子弹的心脏的跳动。
The moment you think about giving up,think of the reason why you held on so long.
每当你想放弃的时候，想一想是什么支撑着你一路坚持。
You can’t force people to stay in your life. Staying is a choice, so be thankful for the people who choose you.
你不能强迫人们留在你的生活中。留下是一个选择，所以要对那些选择了你的人心存感激。
Happiness is like an hourglass, you think it is in every little bit passes; Or the accumulation of little by little.
幸福就像一个沙漏，你觉得它是在一点一滴的流逝着；还是在一点一滴的累积。
If people treat you like you're not worth it, show them that they're the ones not good enough for you.
如果有人不懂得珍惜你，那么你要让他觉得，是他配不上你。
Never put off the work till tomorrow what you can put off today.
要等明天交不上差再找借口, 今天就要找好。
The heaven is but one remove from the hell, love stands between them。
天堂与地狱的一线之隔，原来是爱。
Sometimes you just have to pick yourself up and carry on.
有时候，你只能自己振作起来，继续努力下去。
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy.
愿幸福与你永伴，使你亲切可爱；愿你历经磨难，使你坚韧不拔；愿你痛彻心肺，使你通情达理，愿你充满希望，使你幸福快乐。
You will be seeing miracles as long as you take a deep breath. Being happy,it is not because of how much you own but for the big part that you don‘t care for.
只要用力呼吸，就能看到奇迹，一个人的快乐不是因为他拥有的多，而是因为他计较的少。
Sometimes, the person you want the most, is the person you're best without.
有时候，你最想得到的人，其实是你最应该离开的人。
There will be at least one time that you forget yourself for someone,asking for no result,no company,no ownership, even nor love.But meet you in my best ages.
一生至少该有一次，为了某个人而忘了自己,不求有结果，不求同行，不求曾经拥有，甚至爱。只求在我最美的年华里，遇到你。
Life is like a hot bath. It feels good while you’re in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get.
生活就像热水澡，泡着很舒服的样子；但泡得越久，皱纹也就越多。
Heart, should be a tree, stand in silence, both can accept sunshine, can also be inclusive.
心，应该是一颗树，在缄默中伫立，既能接受阳光，也能包容风雨。
Time like water, those lost time, those of withering happiness, those who deserted warm, and in which corner to calm.
年华似水，那些遗失的流年，那些凋零的幸福，那些荒芜的温暖，又在哪个角落得以安详。
There is something inside ,that are made out of stone，that they can‘t get to , that they can‘t touch,that's yours,that's hope.
在我们的内心深处有一种东西能穿透世上一切高墙，他们到达不了，也无法触及，它只属于你，它就是希望。
Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
爱你的父母吧，我们忙着长大同时，常会忘记，他们也渐渐老去。
If in the heart will feel sad, then please smile to let go.
如果放在心里会觉得难过，那么就请微笑着放手吧。
Believe me, maybe there will be one day, you will have new understanding of the unforgettable past: It's good that you are not the one accompanying me to the end.
相信我，也许有一天，你会对那些念念不忘的过去有新的领悟：还好不是你，陪我到最后。
They laugh at me because I'm different; I laugh at them because they're all the same.
别人笑我特立独行，我笑他们千篇一律。
Words don’t have the power to hurt you. Unless, the person who said them means a lot to you.
话语本身不伤人，除非，说这话的人对你而言很重要。
If two past lovers can remain friends, it's either they were never in love or they still are.
如果分手的恋人还能做朋友，要不从没爱过，要不还在爱着。
Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live
照顾好你的身体。那是你唯一的居住地。
Most of the time,what we can't forget is the memory between us instead of the person we used to love.
许多的时候，让我们放不下的其实并不是对方，而是那些逝去的共同回忆。
Sunflower can't see the sun will be open, life can't see hope you also want to insist!
向日葵看不到太阳也会开放，生活看不到希望你也要坚持！
Tagore said,“Eyes are raining for her, heart is holding umbrella for her, this is love”.
泰戈尔说：眼睛为她下着雨，心却为她打着伞，这就是爱情。
Happiness isn't getting all you want. It's enjoying all you have.
幸福不是得到你想要的一切，而是享受你所拥有的一切。
A true friend scolds like a dad, cares like a mom, teases like a sister, irritates like a brother and finally loves you more than a lover.
一个很真的朋友会象父亲一样训斥你，象母亲一样关心你，象姐妹一样戏耍你，象兄弟一样打击你，而最后，比情人更加爱你。
I hope you spend your time with someone you love, even it's just you.
我希望你能跟自己喜欢的人在一起，即使你喜欢的人只有你自己。
The lamp looked pale and ashamed； the carvings on the walls， like chained dreams， stared meaningless in the light as they fain hide themselves.
灯火显得苍白而羞愧；墙上的刻画像 是被锁住的梦，无意义地瞪视着，仿佛要 躲藏起来。
Don't be afraid to encounter risks. It is by taking chances that we learn how to be brave.
不要害怕遇到危险，这正是我们学会如何变得勇敢的好机会。
Sometimes it's not the pain that makes you suffer, it's your own negative thought that makes things seem worse.
有时候让你痛苦的不是疼痛本身，而是你自己的悲观。
Sometimes, to do what's right, we have to give up the things we want the most. Even our dreams.
有时候，为了做一些对的事，我们不得不放弃我们最想要做的事，甚至我们的梦想。
In the end you'll see who's fake, who's true, and who will risk it all for you.
最终你会看到谁虚伪，谁真实，又是谁会为你赴汤蹈火。
The past is the past, looking back at it will only damage the present, leaving the future on hold.
过去的就过去了，一直回头看只会毁掉现在，阻碍未来。
The best feeling in the world is when the person you like, like you back.
全世界最美好的感觉是你喜欢的人，恰好也喜欢你。
Be crazy. Be stupid. Be weird. Be whatever. Because life is too short to be anything but happy.
疯就疯吧，笨就笨吧，怪就怪吧，想怎么样就怎么样。生命短暂，快乐至上。
I may not be the best person, but I'd give you the best of me.
我也许不是最好的那个人，但我会给你最好的那个我。
Don’t let past relationships ruin your future happiness. Scars remind us of where we’ve been, not where we're going.
别让过去毁掉你未来的幸福。伤痕是用来提醒我们曾经历的事，而不是预测我们的未来。
I wanna meet someone that I won't forget for the rest of my life.
我想要遇见某个余生再不会忘的Ta。
I can't promise to solve all your problems， but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.
我不能保证解决你所有的问题。但是我可以保证你不用独自去面对他们。
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
上天安排我们与某些人相遇，是有原因的。上天若把他们又移出我们的生活，那是因为有更好的原因。
Laughter is not always "the best medicine"，sometimes it's just "the best disguise".
笑有时候并不是最好的药，有时候它只是最好的掩饰而已。
What you have to decide...is how you want your life to be.
你做的决定，就是你想要过的生活。
I don't need a perfect one..I just need someone who can make me feel that I'm the only one.
我不需要那个人有多完美。。我只是需要那个人能让我感觉到，我就是唯一。
Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.
有的人认为坚持会让我们变得更强大，但有时候放手也会。
Too many people are looking for something better, when everything the need is right in front of them.
即使需要的一切都已经摆在面前，还是有太多人企图寻找更好的。
When someone hurts you, you learn to be stronger. When someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent.
人总是在伤害中学着坚强，在离别中学着独立。
I can't promise to solve all your problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them alone.
我没办法承诺可以解决你所有的问题，但是我保证我会陪你面对他们。
Cry as hardas you want to. But always make sure: when you stop crying, you'll never cryfor the same reason again.
想怎么哭就怎么哭吧，但是哭过以后，答应自己不会再为同一个原因哭泣。
An optimist sees an opportunity in every calamity; a pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity.
乐观的人在灾难中看到希望；悲观的人在希望中看到灾难。
If you don't walk out, you will think that this is the whole world.
如果你不出去走走，你会以为这就是全世界。
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy -it's all that matters.
无论发生什么，最重要的事情，是开心的享受生活。
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value. -- A. Einstein.
不要为成功而努力，要为做一个有价值的人而努力。 -- 爱因斯坦
There are thousands of ways if you wish and tons of reasons if you refuse.
倘若心中愿意，道路千千条。倘若心中不愿意，理由万万个。
It takes a strong man to save himself, and a great man to save another.
坚强之人救赎自己，伟大之人拯救他人。
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. -- Mattin Luther King.
我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。 -- 马丁·路德·金
I knoweverything happens for a reason, but sometimes I wish I knew what that reasonwas.
我知道每件事的发生都是有原因的，但有时候我我希望我知道那个原因是什么。
Faith is the pencil of the soul that pictures heavenly thing.
信心是心灵中的一支笔，能勾画出绝妙无比的景物。
Maybethere's something you're afraid to say, or someone you're afraid to love, or somewhereyou're afraid to go. It's gonna hurt. It's gonna hurt because it matters.
也许有些话你不敢说，有些人你不敢爱，有些地方你不敢去。因为会给你带来伤害，而会带来伤害是因为他们太重要。
The man never grows who keeps a child in his heart.
童心不泯，人生不老。
Laziness is like a lock, which bolts you out of the storehouse of information and makes you an intellectual starveling.--Bernard Shaw
懒惰就象一把锁，锁住了知识的仓库，使你的智力便得匮乏。--萧伯纳
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. -- John Ruskin
生活没有目标，犹如航海没有罗盘。-- 罗斯金
Fear not that the life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning. --J.H. Newman.
不要害怕你的生活将要结束，应该担心你的生活永远不会真正开始。 -- 纽曼
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will - power. -- Balzac
没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。 -- 巴尔扎克
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world. －Joseph Addison
知足是人生在世最大的幸事。－艾迪生
All the splendor in the world is not worth a good friend.——Voltaire
人世间所有的荣华富贵不如一个好朋友。——伏尔泰
Friendship means understanding, not agreement. It means forgiveness, not forgetting. It means the memories last, even if contact is lost.
友谊是理解，不是妥协；是原谅，不是遗忘。友谊是两个人即使不联系，感情也还在那里。
Don't cry for what is lost. Smile for what still remains.
别为失去的哭泣，为还留在你身边的一切微笑。
The winner is often not the one who gets a good hand, but who knows when to quit the game.
赢的人往往不是拿到好牌的人，而是知道何时离开牌桌的人。
In the past，I only wanted people to see the best of me．Now，I find that I do not mind your seeing my faults because I want you to accept me the way I am.
以往，我只在人前呈现出最好的一面。如今我不介意你看到我的缺点，因为我希望你接受的，是一个完整的我。
People don't leave because things are hard. They leave because it's no longer worth it.
人们会放弃，常常不是因为难度问题，往往是因为，不再值得继续下去。
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy.even if it’s not with you.
如果你真爱一个人，你一定希望他幸福，哪怕那个给予他（她）幸福的人，不是自己。
I don’t really know where I’m going, but I hope I go far.
我不太肯定我的方向，但是我希望自己能走的远一点。
People often make two mistakes in their search of inner peace...focusing on things they cannot change,and ignoring things they can change.
人们在寻找内心平静时常犯两种错误：执着自身无法改变的事物，而忽略能改变的。
Life is a long journey. Don't waste your time waiting for people who are not willing to walk with you.
生活是一场漫长的旅行，不要浪费时间，去等待那些不愿与你携手同行的人。
Destiny is not the path given us, but the path we choose for ourselves.
命运不是老天替我们选择道路，而是我们为自己选择道路。
We met at the wrong time, but separated at the right time.
我们在错误的时间相遇，在正确的时间却又分开。
The most urgent is to take the most beautiful scenery, the deepest wound was the most real emotions.
走的最急的是最美的景色，伤的最深的是最真的感情。
Sometimes you have to stop thinking so much, and just go where your heart takes you.
有时候，你不要想太多，跟着自己的心走，走到哪算哪。
Time to get our hearts and minds right, and make today the best day ever, because it will never come again!
是时候让我们的心回到正轨上来， 让今天成为最棒的一天吧， 因为，今天一去不回来！
He who seize the right moment, is the right man. -- Goethe
谁把握机遇，谁就心想事成。 -- 歌德
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry. －Thomas Edison
如果你希望成功，当以恒心为良友，以经验为参谋，以谨慎为兄弟，以希望为哨兵。－爱迪生
The only words you'll regret more than the ones left unsaid are the ones you use to intentionally hurt someone.
许多话，不说会遗憾；但有些话，说了更让人后悔，那就是你有意去中伤别人的话。
None is of freedom or of life deserving unless he daily conquers it anew.
只有每天再度战胜生活并夺取自由的人，才配享受生活的自由。
Do you understand the feeling of missing someone? It is just like that you will spend a long hard time to turn the ice-cold water you have drunk into tears.
你知道思念一个人的滋味吗，就像喝了一大杯冰水，然后用很长很长的时间流成热泪。
Don't part with your illusions, When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.－Mark Twain
不要放弃你的幻想。当幻想没有了以后，你还可以生存，但是你虽生犹死。 －马克•吐温
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. —— J. Ruskin
生活而无目标，犹如航海之无指南针。—— J.鲁斯金
Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect. －Willian Shakespeare
不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想要达到的目的。 －莎士比亚
Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind.
青春不是一段年华，而是一种心境。
If you don't go after what you want, you will never have it.
不去追逐自己想要的，就永远不可能得到。
Every story has an end, but in life, every end is a new beginning.
每一个故事都会结束，但是生活中，每一个故事的结束同时也是一个全新的开始。
Slow the pace of your life and give yourself some time for meditating .
放慢生活的脚步，给自己一些思考的时间。
It's not death that aman should fear , but he should fear never live truly.
人从不恐惧死亡，而应该害怕从来没有真正的活过。
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. it's about learning to dance in the rain.
人生不是坐等暴风雨过去，而是学会在雨中起舞。
It's easy to stand with the crowd but it takes courage to stand alone.
从众很容易，独守信念却需勇气。
Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us.
生命是一束纯净的火焰，我们依靠自己内心看不见的太阳而存在。
We can complete it step by step however long the road is and it can't be completed however short the road is if you don't even mark your footprint.
再长的路，一步步也能走完；再短的路，不迈开双脚也无法到达。
Pain makes you stronger. Tears makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. So thank the past for a better future.
痛苦让人更坚强，眼泪让人更勇敢，心碎让人更睿智，所以感谢过去，它让你有个更好的未来。
The strongest people are those that can hold it inside and act like nothing happened.
最强大的人是那些在内心扛住千斤重，表面却波澜不惊的人。
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, burned, and broken, but it still works.
我为自己的心感到骄傲。它曾受玩弄，曾经心焦，曾遭破碎，却依然鲜活跳动。
Sometimes all a person needs is a hand to hold and a heart to understand.
有时候，一个人想要的只是一只可握的手和一颗感知的心。
To see a world in a grain of sand. And a heaven in a wild flower.
一沙一世界，一花一天堂。
Perseverance is not a long race:it is many short races,one after another.
坚持不懈不是一个长跑，而是一个接着一个的短跑！
Don't forget the things you once you owned. Treasure the things you can't get.
曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。
You just didn't see it because the wrong one was blocking the sight.
只是你不知道他的存在，因为错误的人挡住了你的视线。
Thinking something over a thousand times is not as effective as actually doing it just once. Taking a beautiful fall is better than wondering aimlessly.
想一千次，不如去做一次。华丽的跌倒，胜过无谓的徘徊。
Facing the sea with spring blossoms.From tomorrow on,I will be a happy man.
面朝大海，春暖花开。从明天起，做一个幸福的人。
That awkward moment when the person you like, asks you who you like.
当你喜欢的人问你喜欢谁时，着实令人尴尬。
Sometimes,people put up walls not to keep people away,but to see who cares enough to tear those walls down.
有时候人们会筑起一道墙，其实并不想把人都拒之门外，而是要等待一个人，一个足够在乎，可以拆掉围墙的人。
Never think you're nothing. Never tell yourself you'll never be good enough. Because to someone, you' re everything.
绝不要认为自己一无是处，也不要觉得自己不够优秀，因为，在某个人眼里，你什么都好。
Anyone can make you smile. Many people can make you cry. But it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
谁都能让你笑，许多人能让你哭，但只有那个特别的人，能让你在眼中含泪的时候，依然能笑得出来。
If you care about what others think about you, you will always be their slave.
总在乎其他人怎么看你， 那你会一直是他人的奴隶。
He who feels the hardest to give you a promise is the most faithful in the performance of it.
最难给你许诺的人, 在履行的时候最忠诚。
Please remember： When the pain of holding on is greater than the pain of letting go, it's time to let go.
请记住：当坚持之苦大过放弃之痛，就是该放手的时候了。
I don’t ever need anyone to promise me that they will never hurt me because sooner or later... it will happen.
不需要任何人承诺说，不会伤我。因为迟早，这都会发生。
You can love someone easily. But it's not easy to love someone unconditionally.
爱上一个人很容易，但无条件的爱则很难。
Remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
铭记，生活充满了起起伏伏，而且，若没有了人生的低谷，那站在高处亦失去了意义。
When I go to bed, half the time I’m not really sleeping. I’m usually just lying there playing my phone.
当我上床睡觉，一半时间我是真的在睡觉，但经常的是我躺在那里玩手机。
Maybe it’s not always about trying to fix something broken. Maybe it’s about starting over and creating something better.
也许不必要试着把什么修好，也许是要从头开始，创造些更好的东西。
No matter how happy you are,there is a name that will take off your smile.
不管你有多开心，总有一个人的名字会让你马上失去笑容。
It doesn't hurt to give up one who loves you so much. But it really hurts to give up one you love very much.
放弃一个很爱你的人并不痛苦，放弃一个你很爱的人才是痛苦。
Some troubles are made up by ourselves,but we take them as truth.
有些烦恼是我们凭空虚构的，而我们却把它当成真实去承受。
You only know you want his company anywhere,anytime in any mood.
你只知道无论何时何地、心情好坏，你都希望这个人陪著你。
Hold the head of the lonely, put proud expression-brave say: I not bad at all.
昂起孤单的头，摆着骄傲的表情，勇敢的说：我一点都不赖。
An unacceptable love needs no sorrow but time- sometime for forgetting.
一段不被接受的爱情，需要的不是伤心，而是时间，一段可以用来遗忘的时间。
An unacceptable love needs no sorrow but time- sometime for forgetting. A badly-hurt heart needs no sympathy but understanding.
一段不被接受的爱情，需要的不是伤心，而是时间，一段可以用来遗忘的时间。一颗被深深伤了的心，需要的不是同情，而是明白。
Thanked you to come, was very regrettable you to get out of the way.
谢谢你曾经来过，很遗憾你还是走开了。
If there is one skill Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) traders pride themselves on, it is the art of buying low and selling high.
如果说高盛集团(Goldman Sachs Group Inc.)的交易员有一条技能可引以为傲，那就是低买高抛的艺术。
Renren is getting defriended. Since it listed in New York last May, the Chinese social networking site’s shares have fallen by almost two-thirds.
人人网(Renren)正在受到冷落。自去年5月在纽约上市以来，这家中国社交网站的股价已跌去近三分之二。
One day， someone will walk into your life, then you realize love was always worth waiting for.
有一天那人走进了你的生命，你就会明白，真爱总是值得等待的。
Maybe sunshine had stood，But the sad always in my heart never dies.
也许阳光曾竖立，但悲伤一直都在我心里不曾消逝。
No matter how long the rain lasts, there will be a rainbow in the end. No matter how sad you may be, believe that happiness is waiting.
无论下多久的雨，最后都会有彩虹；无论你多么悲伤，要相信幸福在前方等候。
Good love is to let you see the whole world through someone while bad love is to make you give up the world.
好的爱情是你通过一个人看到整个世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人舍弃整个世界。
The action of proving you are smarter than others proves you are more foolish.
想证明自己比别人聪明的举动，就已经承认自己比别人笨了。
Bonds do not exist for those to whom naught is dear or not dear.
没有贪爱和憎恨的人，就没有束缚。
The sensible man is not influenced by what other people think.
明智的人不为别人的想法所影响。
When a man speaks or acts with good intention. Then happiness follows him like his shadow that never leaves him.
当一个人的言谈和举止怀着良善动机，快乐便像影子般地跟随他。
I love you for who I am to you rather than who you are.
我爱你不是因为你是谁，而是我在你面前可以是谁。
Love cannot be found where it doesn’t exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
不存在的爱怎么都不会找到，而真爱怎么藏也藏不住。
Don’t be jealous that people have done better than you.All you need to do is keep breaking your own record every day,for success is a fight between you and yourself.
不要眼红别人比你做得好,只需要每天打破你自己的记录，因为成功是你和自己打仗。
Heartbreak is a blessing from God. It’s just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one.
心痛是上天的庇佑。这是上天用他的方式让你意识到他从错误的人手里将你救赎。
Let go of anyone and anything that doesn’t support your happiness.
对那些不能给你带来幸福的人或事，放手罢。若你也无法为TA带去幸福，放手也是成全。
Sometimes a good cry in the shower is all you need, to release the pain that has built up inside.
有时候，你要做的就是沐浴时狠狠哭一场，来释放内心堆积的情伤。
You at the time of my nearby, you are everything, you are not at the time of I nearby, everything is you.
你在我身旁，你就是一切；你在别的地方，一切都是你。
Sometimes bad things happen, and there’s nothing you can do about it, so why worry?
有时候，坏事发生了，你对此也无能为力，所以有什么好担心的呢。
Sometimes you just need to be with the person that makes you happy even if it means waiting.
有时候，你只需要跟让你开心的人在一起，就算那意味着等待。
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no.
如果你不去问，那结果永远都是不。
Kindness is a language that the deaf can hear and the dumb can speak.
善良是种聋人能听见，哑巴能表达的语言。
The one thing that turns the world from a lonely place to a beautiful place is love,love in any of its forms.Love gives us hope,hope for the future.
唯一能让这世界从孤独变为美好的就是爱,任何形式的爱。爱给予我们希望,对未来的希望。
There are 7 billion people in this world, yet my heart chose you.
世界上有七十亿人口，但我的心选择了你。
A true friend is someone who never gets tired of listening to your pointless dramas over and over again.
真正的朋友会不厌其烦地听你讲你的那些破事儿，一遍又一遍。
I have nothing to offer but blood , toil tears and sweat.
我所能奉献的没有其它，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。
Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves.
生也，效夏花之灼灼；殁也，亦秋叶之寂寂。
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, the romance, and you find out you still care for that person.
爱情是：当感觉、热情和浪漫统统拿掉之后，你仍然珍惜对方。
You smiled and talked to me of nothing and I felt that for this , I had been waiting long.
你微微地笑着，不和我说什么话。而我觉得，为了这个，我已等待很久了。
Take a risk. If the outcome isn’t what you expected, at least you can say you tried.
冒险一试。就算结果不是你所期望的，至少你可以说你已经试过了。
Woman's biggest pride is not her face, but her how conspicuous the men have many painful her．
女人最大的骄傲不是她的长相有多漂亮，而是她的男人有多疼她。
Take a minute to know someone, one hour to like someone, and one day to love someone, but the whole life to forget someone.
用一分钟的时间去认识一个人，用一小时的时间去喜欢一个人，用一天的时间去爱上一个人，到最后呢，却要用一辈子的时间去忘记一个人。
The one you love also loves you. Ths s a mracle. And the god names ths as fallng n love wth each other.
自己爱的人同时也爱着自己，这简直是一种奇迹，神为这种奇迹取了一个名字，叫做恋爱。
In the world, could not deceive only, was own heart, it when you most has not always guarded against, exposed you to like sadly.
世界上，唯独骗不了的，是自己的心，它总在你没提防时，暴露你的欢喜忧愁。
To keep a relationship with love: Admit it whenever you’re wrong, and when you’re right, shut up.
如果你错了，就赶紧承认；如果你是对的，那就闭上你的嘴。
No one can go with you for a lifetime, so you have to adjust yourself to be alone; no one will help you again and again, so you have to fight all the time.
没有人陪你走一辈子，所以你要适应孤独；没有人会帮你一辈子，所以你要一直奋斗。
I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating around accidentally―like on a breeze。
我不懂我们是否有着各自的命运，还是只是到处随风飘荡。
Life isn’t a competition. It’s a journey. If you spend that journey always trying to impress others, to outdo others, you’re wasting your journey.
生命并不是一场竞赛，而是一段旅程。如果你在途中一直都试图给他人留下深刻印象，超过别人，那你就浪费了这段旅程。
Never get too attached to anyone because attachments leads to expectations and expectations leads to disappointments．
不要太依赖一个人，因为依赖，所以期望，因为期望，所以失望。
No matter how much you change, you still have to pay the price for the things you’ve done.
无论你改变了多少，始终要为所做过的事付出代价。
Recall many things, about the past, seem to only vague impression.
回忆很多事情，关于过去，似乎只剩下模糊不清的印记。
I know someone in the world is waiting for me, although I've no idea of who he is. But I feel happy every day for this.
我知道这世上有人在等着我，但我不知道他究竟会是谁，因此，我每天都会很快乐。
Sometimes, we struggled through a tasteless coffee until the last sip and find sugar lying at the bottom. That's life, always sweetened, but sometimes not stirred.
我们挣扎着喝完一杯苦味的咖啡，直到最后一口才尝到杯底的糖。这就是生活加了糖，只是未搅动激活起来。
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
如果我们有勇气去追求，我们所有的梦想都可以成为现实。
A beautiful form is better than a beautiful face; a beautiful behavior than a beautiful form.
美丽的体形胜过漂亮脸蛋；美丽的行为胜过美丽的体形。
In life, you'll never have exactly what you want, but in the end God always gives you exactly what you need.
人的一生中，不可能得到你想得到的一切，但是最后，上天会给你所需要的一切。
We can touch it have no forever, the handle knob fists, there's nothing there, let go, you have is everything.
我们能触摸的东西没有永远，把手握紧，里面什么都没有，手松开，你拥有的是一切。
Hope is itself a species of happiness, and perhaps the chief happiness which this world affords.
希望本身就是一种幸福，也许还是这个世界提供给我们的最大幸福。
When everything is gone with the wind, when all those special moments into eternity.
当一切都随风而逝的时候，特别的瞬间都成了永恒。
If you believe in yourself and with a tiny pinch of magic,all your dreams can come true.
如果你相信自己，然后再加上一点点运气，那你所以梦想就都能实现。
Your best won't be good enough for some people, but that's their problem not yours.
即使你做得再好，在某人眼里依然不足为道，但那不是你的问题，是他们有问题。
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
美好的生活是一种由爱激励和由知识指导的生活。
Love is an endless mystery, fot it has nothing else to explain it.
爱是一个无穷无尽的迷，因为没有任何其他东西能够解释它。
There's noting half so sweet in life as love's young dream.
生命中没有任何东西能像进入充满活力的爱之梦那样甜美。
There is no paradise on earth equal to the union of love and innocence.
人世间最大的幸福莫过于既有爱情又爱的纯洁无暇。
Never a savior, all rely on themselves; the road to success, start from here.
从来就没有救世主，一切要靠自己；通往成功的路，就从这里开始。
All girls want to be a happy person, then they don't know, happiness is love for the people.
女孩都想成为幸福的人，后来她们才知道，原来幸福不过就是爱对了人。
For too many things I do not hope, I try to do, just because this input feeling so cool.
对太多的事情我并不抱希望，我努力去做，只是因为这种投入的感觉很爽。
Everybody wants happiness. No one wants pain. But how can you make a rainbow without a little rain.
所有人都想得到幸福，不愿承担痛苦，但是不下点小雨，哪来的彩虹。
Love should be a tree whose roots are deep in the earth, but whose branches extend into heaven.
爱情之树应该深深扎根在泥土中，而枝条则要伸展于广阔的天空。
If kisses were a tree I’d give you a forest; if hugs were leaves I’d give you a tree; if love was water I would give you the ocean.
如果亲吻是一棵树，我愿给你一片森林；如果拥抱是树叶，我愿给你一整棵树；如果爱是水，我愿给你一片汪洋。
Throughout my life, I’ve loved, I’ve lied, I’ve missed, I’ve trusted, I’ve made mistakes. But most of all, I’ve learned.
我的一生中，我爱过，撒过谎，错过了，相信过，犯过错。但最重要的是，我得到教训了。
It’s nice when someone remembers small details about you. Not because you keep reminding them, but because they actually care.
有人记住了你的小细节，感觉很窝心。不是因为你一直提醒他们，而是因为他们真的在乎。
We all have that one ex that we still think about.
我们都有那个依旧无法忘怀的前度。
Not every effort there is a harvest, but each time the harvest must be hard, which is not a fair irreversible propositions.
不是每一次努力都会有收获。 但是，每一次收获都必须努力，这是一个不公平的不可逆转的命题。
I'm nice.I don't quarrel and never show off.No grievance, no sneer and no need to be noticed.
我很好，不吵不闹不炫耀，不要委屈，不要嘲笑，也不要别人知道。
I don’t like to delete old text messages because I feel like I’m deleting history.
我不喜欢删掉旧信息，因为我觉得那就像在删掉曾经。
It is well worth of falling love in someone，even can keep up with the unavoidable damage.
真正爱上一个人的时候，一切都那么值得，包括不可避免的伤害。
if i had to live my life without you near me,the days would all be empty ,the nights would seem so long!
如果我不得不过一种没有你陪伴的生活,白天会变得很空虚,黑夜会变得很漫长！
No one can bargain with life. You must endeavor as long as you are alive.
没有人可以和生活讨价还价，所以只要活着就一定要努力。
You will have it if it belongs to you,whereas you don't kveth for it if it doesn't appear in your life.
命里有时终须有，命里无时莫强求。
Things will come to you as it is planned for you.The firmer you grip,the easier you lose.We've tried and cherished,we have a clear conscience.Let the fate take care of the rest.
是你的，就是你的。越是紧握，越容易失去。我们努力了，珍惜了，问心无愧。其他的，交给命运。
Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear make up, and boys lie.
女生喜欢甜言蜜语，男生喜欢如花似玉。这就是为何女生化妆，而男生撒谎。
Sometimes she'll wait and see if you will text her first just to see if you really care.
有时，女生会等着，看你会不会先给她发短信，来判断你是否真的在乎。
It’s the rule of life that everything that you have always wanted comes at the very second you stop looking for it.
你一直渴望得到的东西，却在你即将放弃的那一刻不期而至，这就是生活的法则。
How much you put into a relationship determines how much it will hurt when it ends.
一段感情里，你付出了多少，在结束的时候，就决定了你有多伤。
Never expect, never assume, and never demand. Just let it be, because if it's meant to be, it will happen the way you want it to...
永不期待，永不假设，永不强求。顺其自然，若是注定发生，必会如你所愿。
People don’t always need advice. Sometimes all they need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen, and a heart to understand.
人们并不总是需要建议。有时候，人们只是需要有人来执手支持，有人来侧耳倾听，有人来读懂心声。
The reason why people give up so quickly is because they look at how far they still have to go, instead of how far they have come.
人们为什么轻言放弃？因为他们只是看到前方路途遥远，而忘记了身后的一路坚持。
A true good man to you is one who will protect you instinctively whenever he sees you hurt.
对你来说，真正的好男人，就是不管任何时候看见你受伤，他都会本能似的去保护你。
We will all have times of insecurity in life, when there is nothing to do but bravely face the feelings of doubt.
生命中总有那么一段时光，充满不安，可是除了勇敢面对，我们别无选择。
No matter how much you love him.Man must be active for love.If he is not active,just forget about it.
无论你有多喜欢对方，爱情里的主动必须是男人。如果这个男人不主动，宁愿错过。
The sweat and tears you have today are the flood that rushed into your head when you chose such program.
你今天流的汗和泪，都是你当初选专业时脑子进的水。
Although I would talk back to my mom once in a while,I never allow others to contradict her.
虽然我偶尔和妈妈顶下嘴，但我绝不容许别人顶撞她。
Believe or not that there is always one who reads everything in micro blog of you in silence but will never any comments.
你们信不信始终会有一个人默默看完你的每条微博，却永远不会留下任何评论。
Actually I never say "Humm". Because I do it on purpose.I just wanna show my unhappiness.
其实我从来不说“哦”，说“哦”的时候都是故意的，只是想表示我很不开心了而已。
Everyone gets tired.No one can take the pain for you. You have to go through it and grow up.
每个人都会累，没人能为你承担所有的伤悲，人总有那么一段时间要学会自己长大。
If you make a girl smile,she would like you.But if you make her cry,she loves you then.
如果你让一个女孩笑了，她会喜欢你。但是你要是让她哭了，她就是爱你。
Smile can be given to anyone.But your heart is for only one.
笑容可以给任何人，但你的心，只须给一个人就好。
How much a person likes you normally depends on how soon he replies to your message.
一个人喜欢你的程度，一般和他回你短信的速度成正比。
Dear you don't need to be changed for one.If you want to become a better man,please for your own sake.
亲爱的，你不必为了谁而改变，如果要成为更好的人，请为了自己。
If you begin thinking of me,remember that it was not me who went away but you who sent me away.
如果你开始想念我，记住了，不是我自己要走的，是你自己松手的。
We are easily brought into the song.When listen to a song,it is like walking in the lyrics.
我们都太容易让一首歌带自己对号入座，听见一首歌的时候，好像自己就行走在歌词。
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it.
要赢得好的声誉需要20年，而要毁掉它，5分钟就够了。
Nobody can go to back and start a new begining, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
没有人可以回到过去重新开始，但谁都可以从今日开始，书写一个全然不同的结局。
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon sand.
没有友谊做基础的爱情，就像在沙地上盖的房子。
It's up to you how far you go. If you don't try, you'll never know.
一个人能走多远全在于自己，不尝试就永远不可能知道。
Sometimes having a shoulder to lean on and having a person who understands my silence is the only thing I need.
有时候，有个可以依靠的肩膀，和一个懂我的沉默的人，就是我唯一需要的。
Three things I like the most in the world: The sun,the moon and you.The day is the sun,the night is the moon and you are eternity.
在这个世界上我最喜欢三样东西，太阳、月亮和你。白天是太阳，晚上是月亮，而你，则是永远。
Don‘t try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要找的太累，好事就是在最预料不到的时候出现。
Recall many things, about the past, seem to only vague impression.
回忆起很多事情，关于过去，似乎只剩下模糊不清的印象。
And when not in luck with the rest of the disaster, is not loyal friend, The quarrels of friends are the opportunities of foes.
在幸运时不与人同享，在灾难中不会是忠实的友人, 朋友间的不和，就是敌人进攻的机会。
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
我的人生态度是你若一直攻击我的弱点，那麽我会将被觉察到的短处转变成优点。
This moment will nap, you will have a dream; But this moment study, you will interpret a dream.
此刻打盹，你将做梦；而此刻学习，你将圆梦。
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.- Arthur Rubinstein
我已经发现了，如果你爱生活，生活也会爱你。
Sometimes the perfect person for you is the one you least expect.
有时候，最适合你的人恰恰是你最没有想到的人。
Love is ever matter of comedies, and how and then of tragedies.
爱情常是喜剧，偶尔是悲剧。
The wise man all seek their own, fool all of others.
智者一切求自己，愚者一切求他人。
The most important thing in the world, is not where we are, but in what direction we are moving.
世上最重要的事，不在于我们在何处，而在于我们朝着什么方向走。
Many things, always will know after experiencing, as feelings: missed, sorry, just know that life does not need so much unnecessary persistence.
许多事情，总是在经历以后才会懂得，一如感情：错过了，遗憾了，才知道其实生活并不需要这么多无谓的执着。
God's plan is like a movie. All the good and bad things are arranged together for the good ending.
上天就像导电影那般安排我们的人生。中间的起起伏伏，为的只是最后的完美收场。
Have no happiness without happiness, now has the well-being is happiness, a good grasp of the present happiness, happiness always be with you.
曾经拥有的幸福不是幸福，现在拥有的幸福才是幸福，把握好现在的幸福，让幸福一直陪伴你。
In the lover's eyes, his love is always the one and only.
在情人眼中，他所爱的人是独一无二的。
I wonder if there’s anyone thinking of me when they can’t fall asleep at night.
我很好奇是否有人会在无法入睡的深夜里想我。
Although sometimes I just want to be alone,most of the time,I need someone to hold me and tell me that it’ll all be okay.
尽管有的时候，我想自己一人呆着，但大多数时候我需要有人能抱着我，告诉我会好起来的。
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
我们相爱并不是因为我们找到了一个完美的人，而是我们学着用完美的眼光来看待一个不完美的人。
The secert of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not.
痛苦的秘密在于有闲功夫担心自己是否幸福。
Sometimes you gotta shut up,swallow your pride and accept that you're wrong.It's not called giving up,it's called growing up.
有时你需要做的就是闭嘴，然后放下所谓的自尊，承认自己的错误，这不叫放弃，这叫成长。
If you do not go after what you want, you’ll never have it.
如果你不努力争取你想要的，那你永远都不会拥有它。
Someone says if there is a rule for love,it should be: when you don't love him,he falls in love with you.
有人说，关于爱情，如果一定要说有什么定律的话，那就是：你不爱他的时候，他就爱你了。
I wish I can tell you I love you.But I'm scared our friendship will just get ruined if you don't feel the same.
我多希望我能告诉你，我爱你。但是我害怕万一你和我的感觉不一样，我讲出来连朋友都没得做。
There are plenty of things in life that you don't want to do but you have to,this is responsibility.For the things that you want to do but you can't,this is fate.
生命中有许多你不想做却不能不做的事，这就是责任；生命中有许多你想做却不能做的事，这就是命运。
It's the rule of life that everything you have always wanted comes the very second you stop looking for it.
生活就是这样，你越是想要得到的东西，往往要到你不再追逐的时候才姗姗来迟。
My flower is ephemeral, and she has only four thorns to defend herself against the world. And I have left on my planet, all alone.
我的花生命是短暂的，她只有四根刺可以保护自己，抵御世界，我却将她独自留在我的星球上了。
Happy faces, others see. The heart who can feel the pain again .
脸上的快乐，别人看得到。心里的痛又有谁能感觉到。
I prefer having your accompanying for life-long time to the short-time tenderness.
我要的，不是短暂的温柔，而是一生的守候。
The difference between giving up and letting go. Giving up is sacrificing what was rightfully yours, letting go is forgetting what was never yours.
放弃与放手的区别是放弃是牺牲本来属于你的，放手是放下那些从来不是你的。
There's nothing in your hand when you clench it.You will have everything after loosing it.
把手握紧，里面什么也没有；把手放开，你得到的是一切。
We feel unhappy because "happiness" is not what we pursuit,but "more happier than others"instead.
我们觉得不快乐，是因为我们追求的不是“幸福”，而是“比别人幸福”。
The last one, can not turn, do not turn, turn over the dirt will be lost in his eyes.
过去的一页、能不翻就不要翻了、翻落了灰尘会迷了双眼。
Sometimes being too nice is dangerous, you have to show your mean side once in a while to avoid getting hurt.
有时候，太善良也是种危险。偶尔你也得厉害一点，才能免受伤害。
No one can bargain with life.You must endeavor as long as you are alive.
没有人可以和生活讨价还价，所以只要活着，就一定要努力。
Never frown，even when you are sad，because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
纵然伤心，也不要愁眉不展，因为你不知是谁会爱上你的笑容。
If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.
如果你不能简单说清楚，就是你还没有完全明白。
Sometimes, people cry not because they're weak. It's because they have been strong for too long.
有的时候，人们之所以哭泣并不是因为软弱，而是因为他们坚强了太久。
We’re going where no one has gone before. There’s no model to follow, nothing to copy. That is what makes this so exciting.
我们要去别人从没去过的地方。没有模式可以模仿，没有东西可以复制。这就是魅力所在。
Don't believe that winning is really everything. It's more important to stand for something. If you don't stand for something, what do you win?
不要认为取胜就是一切，更重要的是要有信念。倘若你没有信念，那胜利又有什么意义呢？
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
只有向后才能理解生活；但要生活好，则必须向前看。
No man is useless in this world who lightens the burden of someone else.
在这个世界上能为别人减轻负担的人都是有用的。
When you can fly, don't give up flying; When you can dream, don't give up the dream; When you can love, don't give up the love.
当你能飞的时候就不要放弃飞，当你能梦的时候就不要放弃梦，当你能爱的时候就不要放弃。
Never sacrifice who you are because someone has a problem with it.
绝对不要因为某人的意见，就牺牲掉你自己的本性。
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
如果一切尽在掌控之中，说明你迈的步子不够大。
I feel happy at times we have had angry words but these have been kissed away.
我们生气争执时，爱的双唇把它们吻得无影无踪，我们的心也顿觉甜蜜。
You’ll never find the right person, if you can’t let go of the wrong one.
紧抓着错误的人放不了手，又怎么可能找到对的那个人呢？
It is not enough to be industrious, so are the ants. What are you industrious for?
光勤劳是不够的，蚂蚁也是勤劳的。要看你为什么而勤劳。
Sometimes I want to disappear and see if anyone would miss me.
有时候，我想消失一下，然后看看是否会有人想念我。
Sometimes,you are not happy if you see through everything.It's better to be naive and inattentive.
很多时候，看的太透反而不快乐 ，不如幼稚的没心没肺。
Just wait for one love. Maybe no one will come out, but this kind of waiting is the love itself.
只是等待一次爱情，也许永远都没有人，可是，这种等待，就是爱情本身。
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who matter don’t mind, and those that mind, don’t matter.
做你自己，说你所想。因为那些当事人，他们并不关心;而那些关心的人，又往往不是当事人。
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
成功意味着你得到你想要的，幸福是你享受你得到的。
Grievances can be told can not be wronged, to take away the love is not real love.
能够说出的委屈便不算委屈，能抢走的爱人便不算爱人。
I didn’t miss only tube would I want to TianYa want to cape.
我没有留恋，仅管我会想去天崖想去海角。
The greatest hurt in the world is not the pain in love but the betray you give me when I devote my heart to you.
世界上最心痛的感觉，不是失恋，而是我把心给你的时候，你却在欺骗我。
To love or to be loved is less than loving the one who loves you as well.
爱，或者被爱，都不如相爱。
love is like war, easy to begin but hard to end.
爱就像一场战争，开战容易停火难。
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
珍爱一切的好办法是：意识到你可能会失去它。
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
老是审视别人的话，你就腾不出时间去爱他们了。
The success of each person, ever was in their youth in the protest, despair, loss, disappointment, but did not give up the ideal of persistence.
每个人的成功，都曾是在他们青春里呐喊过，失望过，彷徨过，失意过，却未放弃的对理想的坚持。
Travel, but in order to lose themselves, and then find themselves.
旅行，不过是为了迷失自己，然后发现自己。
It's easy to forget things you want to remember. It's hard to forget things you don't want to remember。
生活中很奇怪的是，你很容易忘记你想记得的事情，却不容易忘记你想忘掉的事情。
Even if you have lots of before,they will be before after all.
纵使前尘四海，也终会往事如烟。只要我们遇见，我相信就会有好的未来。
Sometimes you must let it go , to see if there was anything worth holding on to.
有时候，你必须放手，才能明白是否它真的值得你拥有。
Some may be wicked, and some may be despicable. Only when I put myself in their position did I know they are more miserable than I.
也许有些人很可恶，有些人很卑鄙。而当我设身为他想象的时候，我知道他比我还可怜。
Pain is always suffering. But, if you can handle it well, pain will teach you how to be a better person.
伤痛总是令人难受的，但如果能很好的面对，它能教你成为一个更好的人。
The greatest and most important problems in life are all in a certain sense insoluble. They can never be solved, but only outgrown.
在某种意义上，生活中的最重要问题都是无法解决的。我们无法解决它们，只能在成长中超越它们。
Most of people are lookng forward the crystal-lke love—pure wthout any defect. However the truth s most people are havng the glass-lke love.
许多人向往水晶般的爱情,晶莹剔透而且没有瑕疵。但更多人拥有的是玻璃般的爱情。
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
不去追逐你所渴求的，你将永远不会拥有。不开口问，答案永远是不。不往前走，那只能永远停留。
To let go of someone you really love is hard. But it's even harder to see them fine even after you're gone.
让心爱的人离开是件痛苦的事情，更痛苦的是，他离开你以后过得很好。
A woman, especially, if she has the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
一个女人要是不幸聪明得什么都懂，那就必须同时懂得怎样伪装成什么都不懂。
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
爱我或恨我，我都无所谓。爱我，我在你心里，恨我，我在你脑海。
When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.
当出现障碍时，你应该改变方向来达到你的目标，但你不应改变你到达目的地的决心。
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
初恋就是一点点笨拙加上许许多多好奇。
Thinking too much of others makes you nothing in their eyes.
把别人看得太重，结果在别人眼里自己什么都不是。
With the most true to myself，to meet the most should be that person．
用最真实的自己，才能遇见最应该的那个人。
You’ll never realize how strong you are until you have no other choice but to be strong.
你永远都不会知道自己到底有多坚强，直到有一天你除了坚强别无选择。
Don't because I know that I will wait for you, just leave me hanging there.
别因为知道我会等你，就把我晾在那儿等。
Some things are unable to retain the please let go, let it go free, it will be more beautiful.
有些东西留不住了就请放手吧，给它自由，它会更加美丽。
In the face of love, a woman. Don't set too low.
在爱情面前，女人的架子千万不要摆得太低。
Sometimes I can see very indifferent, sometimes I just be some state.
有时候我可以看得很淡然、有时候我又执着得有些不堪。
To live in beautiful, need to pay great patience, one does not complain, two do not explain, is a talent.
要生活得漂亮，需要付出极大忍耐，一不抱怨，二不解释，绝对是个人才。
There are always some people, miss in life, but disappears in life.
总有一些人，想念在生命里，却消失在生活里。
I just want someone who will understand me, even though I said nothing.
我想有一个人会明白我，即使我什么也没说。
I never like to let others see my tears, I would rather let others feel happy heart, to make themselves look wronged the poor.
我从不喜欢让别人看见我的眼泪，我宁可让别人觉得我快乐的没心没肺，也不愿让自己看起来委屈可怜。
Sometimes, we want to smile, but have to put on a sad expression; sometimes, we want to cry, but must be extruded rigid smile.
有时候，我们想笑，却必须要装出悲伤的神情；有时候，我们想哭，却必须要挤出僵硬的笑容。
You have to believe in yourself. That's the secret of success.
人必须有自信，这是成功的秘密。
The great use of life is to spend it for something that overlasts it.
生命的最大用处是将它用于能比生命更长久的事物上。
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.
生活中最大的幸福是坚信有人爱我们。
Life is ten percent what you make it and ninety percent how you take it.
生活有百分之十在于你如何塑造它，有百分之九十在于你如何对待它。
The worst way to miss someone is to be seated by his/her side and know you’ll never have him/her.
错过一个人最可怕的方式就是坐在他/她的身旁，你却知道永远都不会拥有他/她。
Just because someone doesn’t love you the way you want them to,doesn’t mean they don’t love you with all they have.
爱你的人如果没有按你所希望的方式爱你，那并不代表他们没有全心全意地爱你。
Maybe God wants you to meet many wrong people before you meet the right one,so when this happens ,you’ll be thankful.
也许上帝让你在遇见那个合适的人之前遇见很多错误的人，所以，当这一切发生的时候，你应该心存感激。
Never frown, even when you are sad, because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
纵然伤心，也不要愁眉不展，因为你不知是谁会爱上你的笑容。
There is only one person that makes me feel like I can fly.That's you.
世上只有一个人，让我觉得我可以飞起来，就是你。
Life is crazy!，We chase what we can't have, and run away from what we desire the most.
生活有的时候很疯狂，我们追逐那些无法拥有的，却放弃那些我们最需要的。
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
一个成功的人会利用别人扔过来的砖头为自己垒砌坚强地基。
Commitment doesn’t mean sticking to a person when you don’t have any option, it means keeping a relation with someone even though you ve lots of options.
承诺，并不是你除了他别无选择，而是既使你拥有了整座森林，依然选择了他。
One of the most important thing in life is to have a great target and the determination to attain it.Fighting.
生命中很重要的一件事就是有一个明确的目标，并且有努力实现它的决心，加油哦。
Tears clean the face of the weak but refresh the strong.
弱者以泪洗面，强者因泪振作。
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
永远面对阳光，这样你就看不见阴影了。
When you finally let go of the past, something better comes along.
当你最终放开了过去，更好的事就会来临。
Being strong doesn't mean you can't cry, being strong means not giving up even when you are crying.
坚强，不代表不能哭。坚强是当你哭泣之时依然不放弃。
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
如果你的行为能激励他人梦想更多、学习更多、行动更多和成就更多，那么你就是一个领导。
I am a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it.
我很相信运气，事实上我发现我越努力，我的运气越好。
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, the romance and you find out you still care for that person.
所谓爱，就是当感觉、热情和浪漫统统拿掉之后，你仍然珍惜对方。
People come and go. But life is simply about those who care enough to stay.
有些人会在你人生来了又走，但只要有那些愿意停留的人便已足够。
In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope. In a world filled with despair, we must still dare to dream.
在一个充满仇恨的世界，我们仍然要满怀希望；在一个充满绝望的世界，我们仍然要敢于梦想。
Don't give up when you are able to fly,to dream and to love.
当你能飞的时候就不要放弃飞。当你能梦的时候就不要放弃梦。当你能爱的时候就不要放弃爱。
I have only one heart.How can I survive if I devote it all to you?
我只有这么一颗心，全给了你，你要我怎么活？
Girls are always changing their limits for somebody.Finding excuses and forgiving...Actually he has his limit to love you.
你是不是总是会为了某人而不断地修改自己的底线？不停地为某人找借口，不停地想去原谅……可是，傻女孩，其实他没那么喜欢你。
You can let your smile change people, but don't let people change your smile.
你可以用笑容改变别人，但不要让别人改变了你的笑容。
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
我渴望着，有人能意外地闯进我的生活，然后有意的停留在我的生命中。
We’d better struggle for the future rather than regret for the past.
如果后悔过去，不如奋斗将来。
The most precious prossession comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart”-Josiah G Holland.
对于一个男人来说这个世界上最珍贵的东西是一个女人的心。
This season the into firm, do not belong to my phenomenon.
这个季节多出来的成稳,不属于我的现象。
One day someone walk into your life, then you will realize that love is always worth waiting for.
当某天某個人走進你生命時，你就會明白，真愛总是值得等待的。
A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused.
一个知道如何嘲笑自己的人，会永远的生活在快乐里。
Every heart sings a song incomplete until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song.
只有当另一颗心接受吟唱，才会使得用心歌唱的心灵完美。那些期盼歌唱的人们一定心有所属。
Life is sad at times, but it is up to you to make your own life happy.
生活有时是令人沮丧的，但你可以努力的让自己的过得开心。
The farther backward you can look,the farther forward you will see.
你回首看的越远，你向前也会看得越远。
To not forgive is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die.
不懂得宽恕的人就好像自己喝下毒药，却以为死的是别人。
Your dream is not what you find in your sleep but what makes you not sleep.
所谓的梦想，不是你睡觉时梦到了什么，而是想到了什么令你激动得没法睡觉。
The feelings of these things are difficult to deal with, can not go to the fridge for a while, they think it can save some time, not bad.
感情这东西是很难处理的，不能往冰箱里一搁，就以为它可以保存若干时日，不会变质了。
You have died, my story is done, and I am dead, you still have a long story.
你死了，我的故事就结束了，而我死了，你的故事还长得很。
Hand is a sad process, because hand after is to let go.
牵手是一个很伤感的过程，因为牵手过后是放手。
The supreme happiness of life, is to find one you love also loves you just.
人生最大的幸福，是发现自己爱的人正好也爱着自己。
We come to love not by finding a perfect person,but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
我们相爱并不是因为我们找到了一个完美的人，而是我们学着用完美的眼光来看待一个不完美的人。
Things always find time and opportunity to do; do not do things always find excuses.
要做的事情总找得出时间和机会；不要做的事情总找得出藉口。
Human nature is so constructed that it gives affection most readily to those who seem least to demand it.
人的天性就是如此，他最乐意将爱给予那些似乎最不强求爱的人。
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will - power.
没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。
Dream what you want to dream, go where you want to go, be what you want to be. Because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.
做你想做的梦，去你想去的地方，做你想做的人。因为你只有一次生命，只有一个机会去做所有你想要做的事。
I love it when you smile. But I love it more when I'm the reason behind your smile.
我喜欢你的微笑，但我更喜欢我就是你微笑的理由。
I am not lonely, because my world I am the only one person is enough.
我一点也不孤单，因为我的世界只有我一个人就足够了。
When you love someone, There are no maybes, no buts, and no whys, you just do.
爱一个人，没有或许，没有但是，没有原因，就是爱而已。
To not forgive is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die.
不懂得宽恕的人就好比自己喝下毒药，却以为死的是别人。
I never regret anything, because every little detail of my life is what made me into who I am in the end.
我从不后悔，生活中的点点滴滴 ，才成就了我最终的模样。
Life's like a play: It's not the length, but the excellence of the acting that matters.
生命如同一个剧本：重要的不是它有多长而是演出是否精彩。
Trust is like a paper. Once it's crumpled, it can't be perfect again.
人与人间的信任，就像是纸片，一旦破损，就不会再回到原来的样子。
I may not be there yet, but I'm closer than I was yesterday.
我现在虽没到达终点，但至少比昨天更接近终点了。
Learn to stand for what you believe in no matter what people say. You live not to please everyone.
学着坚持自己认定的事，不要管别人怎么说，人活着，不是要取悦别人。
The best things in life are the people you love, the places you’ve seen, and the memories you’ve made along the way.
人生中最美好的就是你爱着的人，看过的风景，还有一路留下的记忆。
A few nice words can help a person more than you think.
几句温暖的话，比你想象的更能帮到别人。
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.
人们很难开心起来的原因就在于总是把过去看得过于美好。
You'll always meet problems in life. If you can handle it well, it will make you stronger.
生活中难免会出现各种困难，但若能很好地应对，它会使你变 得更加强大。
There is no rehearsal in the life , once missing , it will be lost forever.
世界上没有破镜重圆之说，一旦失去，就意味着永远失去。
What is courage?Is it making you love me with tears or letting you go with tears？
什么是勇气？是哭着要你爱我，还是哭着让你离开。
Launch their own light, but don't blow out the other lights.
发射自己的光，但不要吹灭他人的灯。
Idiot with smart people is a dangerous, smart people put idiot is an insidious.
笨蛋装聪明人是一种危险，聪明人装笨蛋是一种阴险。
Familiar with the habits of a familiar route familiar days, never a miracle.
熟悉的习惯熟悉的路线熟悉的日子里，永远不会有奇迹发生。
Change the way of thinking to change the habit change work way, often can create unlimited scenery.
改变思路改变习惯改变活的方式，往往会创造无限风景。
With the enterprising spirit of the people, remember to choose direction is more important than hard work.
拥有实干精神的人，切记选对方向比努力拼搏更重要。
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses, produce advantage inhibition of weakness is eternal choice.
每个人都有优点和弱点，发挥优点抑制弱点是永恒的选择。
Life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what you’re gonna get.
人生就像一盒巧克力，结果往往出人意料。
You know hurt is a funny thing. The same thing that makes one person angry, can put another person into grief.
伤害是个可笑的东西。同样一件事情，折腾出此人的愤怒，彼人的悔恨。
Please don't judge me from my past. I am not the one I used to be.
别再用我的过去来评价我了，我早就不是以前那个我了。
Never underestimate the pain of someone, for everyone is struggling. Some people are just better at hiding it than the others.
不要把别人的伤痛不当回事，其实每个人都在挣扎努力，只不过有些人更善于隐藏痛苦。
Women just want someone to want them back，and love them the way they are.
女人只是希望有个人能挽回她，像她爱他那样爱她。
When two people really care about each other, they will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
两个人若是还在乎对方，无论多难，都会为爱找到出路的。
There is only one success to be able to spend your life in your own way.
只有一种成功，那就是能够用自己的方式度过自己的一生。
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them.
小心你选择的环境，因为它会塑造你；小心你选择的朋友，因为你会变得跟他们相像。
You just have to be happy. If you are, everything else will fall into place.
你只须快乐点，若快乐，其他一切都会回到正轨上去。
You don't have to wait for someone to take you to travel，you can go by yourself.
去旅行......不用别人带，自己去就可以了。
You said that you won't leave me no matter what I will become，so I took off the mask and saw you were defeated and fled.
你说无论我变成什么样子，你都不会离开我，于是我摘下了面具，看到了落荒而逃的你。
You said “I won’t make it” a million times. You made it every time.
你说了一百万次，“我做不到”。但每次你都做到了。
Sometimes, it is better to be alone. That way, nobody can hurt you.
有时候，孤身一人反而更好。那样，就没有人能伤害你了。
The face can speak a thousand emotions but it can easily mask what the heart truly feels. The happiest face may be masking the most hurting heart.
一张脸能诉说千种情绪，却很容易掩饰心情。最快乐的面具下，也许是一颗最伤的心。
The nights I don't dream about you are the nights I stay up thinking of you.
在没有梦见你的晚上，我整晚都在想你。
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful.But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
等待是一种痛。忘掉也是一种痛。但不知道该怎么办，是一种更折磨人的痛。
When a cigar falls in love with a match，it's destined to be hurt.
有些爱从一开始就注定会受伤。
Live more consciously each day. Stop sleepwalking through life. Your life is something to be experienced, not coasted through.
每天都有意识的生活。不要梦游式的过生活。你的人生是用来体验的，不是悠哉悠哉的过一天是一天。
Your forever friend lifts you up in spirits and makes that dark and empty world suddenly seem bright and full.
你真正的朋友会让你振作起来，原本黯淡空虚的世界顿时变得明亮和充实。
While our dream is confronted with the reality, you always feel painful. Just trample on the pain, or you'll be beat down by it.
当幻想和现实面对时，总是很痛苦的。而你要么被痛苦击倒，要么把痛苦踩在脚下。
Experience is not interesting till it begins to repeat itself, in fact, till it does that , it hardly is experience.
经验直到自我重复时才变得有意义，事实上，直到那时才算得上经验。
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
真正的友情跟健康是一个道理，当你失去他的时候，才能发现它的价值。
Like the wind dunk as pain memories were blown, but love is in imperceptible in the cold.
像风灌进回忆一样的痛被吹散 ，爱却在不知不觉中着了凉。
Love always let we expect too much from watching to want to distance, wholeheartedly occupy. Chase let us exhausted. Instead of entwine tear pain, as far see smiling.
爱情总是让我们期望太多,从远远地注视到全身心地占有.追逐让我们疲惫.与其纠缠撕裂疼痛,不如远看微笑,简单拥抱。
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
失去某人最糟糕的莫过于，他近在身旁，却如远在天边。
Coffee bitter and sweet, is not how mixing, but rather whether the sugar; a pain, not to forget how, but rather have the courage to start again.
咖啡苦与甜，不在于怎么搅拌，而在于是否放糖，一段伤痛，不在于怎么忘记，而在于是否有勇气重新开始。
If two past lovers can remain friends, it's either they were never in love or they still are.
如果分手的恋人还能做朋友，要不从没爱过，要不就还在爱着。
I may not have the prettiest eyes,the sweetest smile, the most beautiful face or the perfectest body,but I have a truest heart to love you.
我也许没有最可爱的眼睛，最甜美的笑容，最美丽的脸庞，或者最完美的身材，但，我有一颗最爱你的心。
The world is 3 days: as for yesterday, it has vanished along with all that was in it; as for tomorrow, you may never see it; as for today, it is yours, so work on it.
人间只有三天：昨天已灰飞烟灭；明天仍遥不可知；今天才是属于你的，所以为今天努力吧。
The most important things to do in the world are to get something to eat, something to drink and somebody to love you.
人世间最重要的就是有吃有喝有人爱。
Friendship isn't about whom you've known the longest, it's about who came, and never left your side.
朋友不是那个你认识得最久的人，而是那个来到你身边后便不再离开的人。
We all have to choose to live for something or someone, that is what keeps us going.
我们都需要为了某件事，或者某个人而活，这样才能支撑着我们不断前行。
If someone truly loves you, they will never give you a reason to doubt it.
如果某人真的爱你，TA不会给你任何怀疑这份爱的理由。
Everybody wants happiness. No one wants pain. But how can you make a rainbow without a little rain?
所有人都想得到幸福，不愿承担痛苦，但是不下点小雨，哪来的彩虹？
Sometimes the best thing to say is nothing. Some people are not even worth your words.
有时候，最好什么都别说，有些人不值得浪费口舌。
Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.
有时候，透过别人的眼睛才能完全看清自己。
Don't let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
别让过去的悲催，或者未来的忧虑，毁掉自己当下的快乐。
There are those moments of life that I'll always remember. Not because they were important but because you were there with me.
人生中的一些时光，我永远都不会忘记，不是因为重要，而是因为曾与你一起度过。
Most of the time the only difference between a dream that came true and one that didn’t, is a person who wouldn’t give up and one who did.
大多数时候，梦想实现与否的唯一区别就是，有人永不言弃，有人半途而废。
When you can no longer think of a reason to continue，you must think of a reason to start over.
找不到理由继续的时候，就找个理由重头来过吧。
Our most significant opportunities will be found in times of greatest difficulty.
最艰难的时刻总是伴随着最大的机遇。
Don’t waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
别浪费时间去解释，人们只听自己想听的话。
I don't regret the things I've done, I regret the things I didn't do when I had the chance.
我从来不为做过的事而懊悔。我只是遗憾，有些事，有机会却没有去做。
There’s no point in having wishes if you don’t at least try to do them.
光有理想，却不愿为之努力，那样的理想只是空想。
If you're not happy, it's not your life that is wrong but just the way you live your life.
不开心，不是生活出了问题，而是你的生活方式出了问题。
Pay no attention to those who say it can't be done. That's just their opinion, not your reality.
别在意那些说不可能的人，那只是他们的选择，而不是你的现实。
Happiness is, found a make you want to lose weight for his people, and the people are always pat you on the head and said, eat a little, don't go hungry.
幸福就是，找到了一个令你想为他拼命减肥的人，而那人却总是拍拍你的头说，多吃一点，别饿着了。
Don't complain, don't laugh at anyone, nor envy who, under the bright sunshine, wind and rain of the running, do their own dream, go your own way.
不埋怨谁，不嘲笑谁，也不羡慕谁，阳光下灿烂，风雨中奔跑，做自己的梦，走自己的路。
Cat and tiger fable tells us, anything must be for their own room.
猫和老虎的寓言告诉我们，任何事情一定要为自己留一手。
Love, is very simple, sometimes is a cup of water, as long as there is love there, who accounting than external things, the love is very grand, must be have no true love.
爱，有时就是一杯水，只要有爱存在，谁会计较外在的东西，那些把爱情搞得异常隆重的人，一定是还没有真正的相爱。
If there is a tomorrow, ideal how to dress up your face; if there is no tomorrow, how to say goodbye.
假如还有明天,理想怎样装扮你的脸;假如没有明天,要怎么说再见。
Is like pregnancy, a long time can let a person see.
怀才就像怀孕，时间久了才能让人看出来。
Learn to endure pain. Some words, for rotten in the heart, and some pain, suitable soundless and stirless forgetful. When experienced, you grow up, you know.
学会承受痛苦。有些话，适合烂在心里，有些痛苦，适合无声无息的健忘。当经历过，你成长了，自己知道就好。
Time can change many things or people, called the reality is nothing more than a pronto.
时间可以改变良多人或事，所谓的沧海桑田就是弹指一挥间而已。
There may be a million things to smile about, but you're definitely my favorite one.
让我开心的事情也许千千万万，但无疑，你是我最喜欢的那个。
Talking about a past relationship doesn't mean you're still stuck on it, sometimes its a reminder not to screw up again.
提及曾经的感情经历并不意味着你依然沉溺其中，它不过是提醒你别再犯错罢了。
The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow. Don't give up.
今天的挣扎是为了给你的明天积蓄力量，别轻易放弃！
Comparing yourself with other will not help you to be better. Just be thankful of who you are and do the best you can do.
与人比较不会让我们更好，我们只需要珍惜现在的自己，凡事竭尽全力。
People who never fail are people who learn the least. Don't be afraid to fail. Grab the lesson, fight better!
从不失败的人，其实学到的东西最少。所以不要害怕失败，我们要做的是，在失败中学习，在奋斗中进步。
Never fear the shadows. They simply mean there's a light shining nearby.(Ruth E. Renkel).
别害怕阴影，有阴影只因为不远处便是一片光亮。
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
要想到达某个目标，第一步就是离开你原来所在的地方。
Certain things in life simply have to be experienced and never explained. Love is such a thing.
人生有些事只能靠自己去感受，说不清道不明。爱情就是如此。
Like is when you know the best side of someone and like them. Love is when you know the worst side that someone could ever have, and you still love that person with all your heart.
喜欢，就是知道对方最好的一面而喜欢他；爱，就是明知对方最差的一面，却仍然爱得义无反顾。
If you fight you may win or you may lose, but if you don’t fight, you just lose.
努力过，成败难测；不努力，必败无疑。
Start this morning with a clean heart. No doubt, No tears, No fear, No worry.
早晨，从一颗清澈的心灵开始。没有疑虑，没有眼泪；没有恐惧；没有担忧。
The more arguments you win, the less friends you will have.
在争论中赢得 的次数越多，你拥有的朋友就越少。
A wise man is not one who makes no mistakes but rather one makes mistakes and learn from them.
智慧的人不是不犯错误，而是犯一次错就吸取一次教训。
A girl matures as she falls in love, whereas a boy matures as he loses someone.
女孩因为爱上一个人而长大，男孩会因为失去一个人而长大。
Good people see the bad things in themselves, bad people see the bad things only in others.
优秀的人会看到自己的不足，拙劣的人却只看到别人的不足。
The best people in this world are the ones that can give without remembering and receive without forgetting.
世间最美的人，就是那些付出而不求回报，接受而不忘恩情的人。
Time is the master who heals the spiritual pain but definitely not a master of problem solving.There are persons stuck in stubbornness but always there is a way out.
时间是治疗心灵创伤的大师，但绝不是解决问题的高手。世界上只有想不通的人，没有走不通的路。
Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today.
大胆梦想，好像你会永生那样，用力生活，好像你今天就会死去那样。
Sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
有时候，两个人要分开以后才会意识到，他们多想在一起。
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
有时候一个小小的抉择就可以改变你的一生。
You are mine, I am yours, just a very gentle song.
你是我的，我是你的，只是一首太温柔的歌。
That affection is always kind, cruel is people will grow up.
证明感情总是善良，残忍的是人会成长。
I don't know, what is accidental, if true love, why not believe in the future.
我不知道，何为意外，如果真心相爱，为何不相信未来。
Who says I can't smile again, who says I can't live better.
谁说我不能再次微笑，谁说我不能活得更好。
A used heart feelings let people know a lot of things.
一段用过心的感情能让人懂得好多事情。
But the time will inevitably complain about the hand, love each other to write love.
只是难免埋怨时间的手，把相爱写成相爱过。
If you can't give me everything, it all do not give me.
如果不能全给我，就全都别给我。
Think that oneself good silly, but which women do not naive.
想这样的自己好愚蠢，但哪个女人不天真。
Your kiss still burns on my lips, everyday of mine is so beautiful.
你的吻在我的唇上依旧炽热，我的每一天都是如此美好。
There's no so-called joke. All jokes are composed of something serious.
没有所谓玩笑，所有的玩笑都有认真的成分。
People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself. But the self is not something one finds. It is something one creates.
人们常说这个或那个人还没找到自我。但是自我并不能找寻, 它是要创造出来的
People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself. But the self is not something one finds. It is something one creates.
人们常说这个或者那个人还没找到自我，但是自我并不能找寻, 它是要创造出来的
Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you.
耐心点，坚强点；总有一天，你承受过的疼痛会有助于你。
You ask I love you is worth, actually you should know, love is to ask worth not worth it.
你问我爱你值不值得，其实你应该知道，爱就是不问值不值得。
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.
每一次不幸、每一次失败、每一次心痛都会孕育同样或更大的成功。
One crowded hour of a glorious life is worth an age without a name.
辉煌的一生中忙碌的一小时，抵得上碌碌无为的一世。
I’m a good enough person to forgive you, but not stupid enough to trust you again.
我是一个好人，所以我原谅你。但是我还没有傻到去再相信你。
Being single means you’re strong and patient enough to wait for someone who deserves your worth.
单身意味着你有足够的坚强和耐心，去等待那个值得拥有你的人。
Without respect, love lost. Without caring, love boring. Without honesty, love unhappy. Without trust, love unstable.
没有尊重，爱会走掉。没有在乎，爱会无聊。没有诚实，爱会不爽。没有信任，爱会不牢。
Many people do not need good-bye, because of just going by. Forget is that we give each other the best souvenir.
很多人不需要再见，因为只是路过而已。遗忘就是我们给彼此最好的纪念。
If we are not gonna talk to each other,we will become strangers one day？
如果我不联系你，你不联系我， 是不是总有一天，我们就成了陌生人？
You don't have to be skinny to be pretty. You just have to be happy with your body, that's what actually makes you look pretty.
你不需要把自己弄得骨瘦如柴才漂亮。开开心心接受你自己的身材，这才是让你变漂亮的原因。
How t feels when you are loved by the one you love? How could t be lke? f you want to answer t mmedately, you shall know how happy you are.
被自己所爱的人深爱着是什么样的感觉呢？会是什么样子呢？想要立刻回答的人，你要知道自己是多么幸福。
Love s an mpossble meetng. For example, am a brd flyng n sky, you are a leopard n forest. We just fall n love accdentally.
缘分是不可能的相遇。比如我是空中的鸟，你是林中的豹，只是我们碰巧相爱。
Most of people are lookng forward the crystal-lke love—pure wthout any defect. However the truth s most people are havng the glass-lke love.
许多人向往水晶般的爱情,晶莹剔透没有瑕疵。但更多人拥有的是玻璃般的爱情。
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow .
你不尝试着做些能力之外的事情，就永远无法成长。
To a father growing old, nothing is dearer than a daughter.
对一个日渐苍老的父亲来说，没有什么比女儿更珍贵的了。
The worst feeling is not lonely, but someone you will never forget have forgotten you completely.
最糟糕的感觉并不是孤独，而是你难以忘怀的那个人，彻底把你忘记了。
Trust not the praise of a friend, nor the contempt of an enemy.
不要信赖朋友的赞扬，不要仇敌的轻蔑放在心上。
Between Heaven and Earth, every single step of ours is at full throttle, while every single road is twisting and turning. There is no constant view.
我们奔走于天地间，每一次跋涉都全力以赴，而每一条道路都是曲折回环，路上没有不变的风景，没有笔直的坦途。
Farewell, my girl, will you forever abide? Melody coming from afar bidding lifelong departure doomed for you and I.
我送你离开，千里之外，你是否还在。琴声何来，生死难猜，用一生，去等待。
There will be at least one time that you forget yourself for someone,asking for no result,no company,no ownership, even nor love.But meet you in my best ages.
一生至少该有一次，为了某个人而忘了自己，不求有结果，不求同行，不求曾经拥有，甚至爱。只求在我最美的年华里，遇到你。
I have loved you all so long. Delighting in your company. To grant whatever you would crave. I have both waged life and land.
我心相属，日久月长。与卿相依，地老天荒，我自相许，舍身何妨。欲求永年，此生归偿。
The instinct of a man is to pursue everything that flies from him, and to fly from all that pursue him.
人的本能是：追逐所有从身边飞走的事物，却逃避追逐他的事物。
Outside, the new moon shines bright all around, but the lonely lamp on my desk is dim. How l wish this small piece of paper would take to you my resdess yearning.
夜色茫茫照四围，天边新月如钩。桌上灯光不明，寄一片纸儿给远方的你，倾诉我满腔沉重的相思之情。
Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention, is to stop giving them yours.
有时候，让别人在乎你的办法，就是不那么在乎他。
One feeling better than lovers of lasting than expected spring flowers, across the world the most beautiful scenery.
有种情感胜过恋人们的海枯石烂，胜过期待的春暖花开，越过世间最美的风景。
Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.
做自己的梦，去自己想去的地方，做自己想做的人，因为生命只有一次，机会只有一回。
If a woman is not sexy, she needs emotion;if she is not emotional, she needs reason; if she is not reasonable,she has to know herself clearly. coz only she has is misfortune.
女人如果不性感，就要感性；如果没有感性，就要理性；如果没有理性，就要有自知之明；若这都没有，她只有不幸。
There is always that one person who can send you a text and cause you to smile instantly.
总有那么有一个人，他的一条短信就可以让你立刻微笑。
The same girl who laughs and talks a lot and seems very happy is also the girl who may cry herself to sleep.
那个总是谈笑风生，看起来很开心的女孩，也是那个可能会一个人哭到睡着的女孩。
This is who I am. Nobody says you have to like it .
我就是我，没人非要你喜欢！
I came to the world, am the light, but believe me, do not live in the dark.
我来到世上，乃是光，但凡信我的，不住在黑暗里。
Memories finally can not be removed.Are you missing the past as I am？
回忆始终抹不去、你是否和我一样还在念着曾经。
How much dew would a dewdrop drop if a dewdrop could drop dew?
如果一颗露珠会掉下露水，那么一颗露珠会掉下多少露水呢？
You can only live brilliantly if you know how to love yourself.
懂得自爱，才能活得精彩。
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
快乐家庭都是相似的；不快乐家庭的不快乐却各有不同。
Sometimes our hearts just need time to accept what our heads already know.
有时候，虽然能想明白，但心里就是接受不了。
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.
想象远比知识重要。知识是有限的，而想象却涵盖了所有，激励进步，孕育进化。
Falling in love is not about finding a perfect person,it's learning to love an imperfect person.
恋爱不是要找到一个完美的人，而是要学会去爱一个不完美的人。
The more you care for someone, the less you understand him.
越是在乎的人，你就越是猜不透。
Never say goodbye when you still want to try, never give up when you still feel you can take it, never say you don't love that guy anymore when you can't let it go.
当你仍想继续，永远不要说再见；当你还能承受，永远不要说放弃；当你舍不得一个人，永远永远不要说你不再爱他。
The more failures, the more chances for success. Success is usually the last-minute visitor.
失败的次数越多，成功的机会亦越近。成功往往是最后一分钟来的客人。
Opening a window for others is also to help ourselves see the sky more completely.
帮别人开启一扇窗，也就是让自己看到更完整的天空。
What a man shows off is what he lacks in his heart.
一個人炫耀什么，说明內心缺少什么。
Can you just not miss me while I'm still loving you?
趁我还爱你，你可不可以不要错过我？
Approached you, approached the pain away from you, far away the happiness.
走近你，就走近痛苦远离你，就远离幸福。
Who's who hit the traveler, who is in the wheel of life.
谁是谁命中的过客，谁是谁生命的转轮。
Don’t be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams. Live the life you want to live. Be the person you want to remember years from now.
推动你向前的，不是困难，而是梦想。过一种你想要的生活，做一个许多年后值得回忆的人。
Youth is like mahjong, or blasting, or self-drawn. Rotten girl how much indoors man, rack one's brains to, just for the enjoyment of tearing down the moment.
青春就像麻将，要么放炮，要么自摸。多少宅男腐女，几多机关算尽，只为享受推倒那一刻。
The world no matter how desolate, loved you 'll never have to be alone.
世界不管怎样荒凉，爱过迩就不会孤单。
Being able to wait is a sign of true love and patience.Anyone can say she loves you but not everyone can wait for you．
真正的爱情需要等待，谁都可以说爱你，但不是每个人都能等你。
My love can only pass by quietly, love, became lost, you, become the past.
我的爱只能悄悄经过，爱，变成了失落，你，成为过去。
Happiness is a butterfly, which ,when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
幸福是一只蝴蝶，你要追逐它的时候，总是追不到；但是如果你悄悄地坐下来，它也许会飞落到你身上。
Your speech, I love to hear, but don't know, my silence, you would like to see, do not understand.
你的言语，我爱听，却不懂得，我的沉默，你愿见，却不明白。
If you care about what other people think,you will always be their prisoner.
如果你总是在意别人的看法，那么你将永远是他们的囚犯。
Your life only lasts for a few decades, so be sure that you don't leave any regrets. Laugh or cry as you like, and it's meaningless to oppress yourself.
人生短短几十年，不要给自己留下了什么遗憾，想笑就笑，想哭就哭，该爱的时候就去爱，无谓压抑自己。
I'm okay, not bad, not surprising, all just can also. This life I feel fine.
我过得还可以,不好不坏，不惊不喜，一切只是还可以。这样的生活我觉得也挺好。
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
心灵是自己的地方，而它本身可以把地狱变成天堂，也可以把天堂变成地狱。
The past can't be rewritten, but it can make me stronger.
过去无法重写，但它却让我更加坚强。
I'll be thankful for every change, every heart break and every scar.
我要感谢每一次改变，每一次心碎，每一块伤疤。
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
生命的意义在于尽情生活，拼命体验，勇往直前、无所畏惧地去追求更新更丰富的人生经历。
Your happy passer-by all knows, my distressed there is no place hides.
你的幸福路人皆知，我的狼狈无处遁形。
The best feeling is when you look at him and he is already staring.
最好的感觉是当你朝他看过去时，他已经在凝视着你。
No matter how complicated your life is, you have to maintain your elegance.
不论生活如何复杂，总要保持自己的那一份优雅。
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
生命的意义在于尽情生活，勇往直前、无所畏惧地去追求更新更丰富的人生经历。
The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven.
心灵是自己的，而它本身可以把地狱变成天堂，也可以把天堂变成地狱。
We may have traveled around the world and finally find our smiles are the most beautiful scene.
我们走遍了全世界，到最后才发现，自己的笑容才是最美的风景。
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
一个人从未犯错误的人是因为他不曾尝试新鲜事物。
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure！
为了赢得成功，你对成功的欲望必须超过你对失败的恐惧。
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your successes.
真正的朋友从不追究你的过错，也从不嫉妒你的成功。
Someday I’ll make a wish that when I wake up, I’ll be in a place where all of my troubles have disappeared.
有一天我会许愿，希望我醒来时，身处于一个尽无烦恼的地方。
A girl needs to wear two things to look great : Confidence and Smile!
随身带着这两样东西的女生看起来都会很棒：自信和微笑。
All endings are beginnings, we just don't know it at the time.
所有的结局都是新的开始，只是当时不知道。
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
一生中，女人总会爱过一两次坏蛋，才会珍惜那个对的人。
Acting as if nothing borne in mind is the best revenge.It's all for myself to live better.
若无其事，原来是最好的报复。生活得更好，是为了自己 。
You will have it if it belongs to you,whereas you don't kvetch for it if it doesn't appear in your life.
命里有时钟需有 命里无时莫强求。
If we can only encounter each other rather than stay with each other,then I wish we had never encountered.
如果只是遇见，不能停留，不如不遇见。
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
生活告诉我们，爱情并不在于互相凝望对方，而在于双方朝着同一个方向眺望。
For thoes of us climbing to the top of the food chain, there can be no mercy. There is but one rule: hunt or be hunted.
对于爬到食物链顶端的我们而言，绝不能心慈手软。我们的世界只有一条规则，弱肉强食。
Do you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret, waiting to die alone?
难道你不想冒一次险么？难道你想等你老了，再后悔莫及孤老而终么？《盗梦空间》
The journey of life is not perfect, the twists and turns is also scenery, think is perfect.
人生的旅途没有完美，曲折亦是风景，想通就是完美。
I've done a lot of press, but I've never been so happy to promote a piece of art I've made than RECollection v1
我做过很多公关，但是RECollection第1卷是我推广得最开心的艺术作品.
We scorn a boy who takes pennies from a newspaper stand.
我们蔑视从报摊上拿走硬币的男孩。
Have you ever watched an American football game? Do you know the rules?
你们看过美式橄榄球的比赛吗？知道比赛规则吗
To treat the problem fully requires the use of quantum electrodynamics.
完整地讨论这个问题需要应用量子电动力学。
A kill bed, next week we three singing competition, hoped everybody wishes we take the first!!
一会要睡觉了，我们下周三唱歌比赛，希望大家祝愿我们拿第一
In recent years, cycling around Taiwan has become a way for local people to understand their homeland.
近些年，骑自行车环台已成为台湾民众了解自己家乡的一种形式。
Ricky Martin说：today I'm happy but with the kind of happyness that makes you wanna sleep naked. So 2nite.... naked will B! gd nite everyone ZZzzz
今天我很快乐，不过是那种让人想裸睡的快乐。所以哈……今晚就裸睡啦！大家晚安ZZzzz
They say a person needs just 3 things to be truly happy in this world,someone to love,something to do,and something to hope for.
人生拥有三件事便可真正快乐：有爱的人，有喜欢的事业，有梦想。
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
事实是，每个人都可能会伤害到你。但你可以选择值得受伤的人。
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
如果晚上带着满意入睡，早上就会更有决心起床！
You think letting go would make me happy,but you don't know my biggest happiness is to hold your hand.
你以为放手可以成全我的幸福，可你不知道，我最大的幸福就是能和你手牵手。
You know hurt is a funny thing. The same thing that makes one person angry, can put another person into grief.”- The Tale of Despereaux.
伤害是个可笑的东西。同样一件事情，折腾出此人的愤怒，彼人的悔恨。
You are the reason why I became stronger. But still，you are my weakness.
因为你，我懂得了成长，可你，依旧是我的伤。
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday.
如果你无法忘掉昨天，就不会有一个更好的明天。
You have God given power within yourself to make dreams come true. Keep your faith strong and love yourself more!
你拥有足够的天赋去实现你的梦想，坚定自己的信念，并且，试着爱自己多一点。
You have no idea how happy I have been since I met you.
你不会了解,自从我遇到你后,我有多么的开心。
Your forever friend lifts you up in spirits and makes that dark and empty world suddenly seem bright and full.
你真正的朋友会让你振作起来，原本黯淡、空虚的世界顿时变得明亮和充实。
Your dream is not what you find in your sleep but what makes you not sleep.
所谓梦想，不是你睡觉时梦到了什么，而是想到了什么令你激动得没法睡觉。
You'll never have to go through anything alone, ever again, because you have me now.
你再也不必独自经历风雨， 因为，你现在有我了。
You got a dream, you gotta protect it. If you want something, go get it.
如果你有梦想的话,就要去捍卫它；如果你有理想的话,就要去努力实现。
Life is sad at times, but it is up to you to make your own life happy.
生活有时是令人沮丧的，但你可以努力让自己的过得开心。
I open your Chat Window but don't know what to say.
点开你的聊天窗口，却不知道要说些什么。
Honestly, if you're not willing to sound stupid, you don't deserve to be in love.
坦白说，如果你不打算为爱做点傻事，你就不配拥有爱。
Sometimes,you are not happy if you see through everything. It's better to be naive and inattentive.
很多时候，看的太透反而不快乐，倒不如幼稚的没心没肺。
Life is a kind of pressure, we should learn to prop up ourselves.
人生是一种承受，我们要学会支撑自己。
Bad life to a certain level will get better, because it can't get worse. So we should have a heart of sunshine people.
生活坏到一定程度就会好起来，因为它无法更坏。所以我们应该做一个心中有阳光的人。
The easiest thing in life is to love someone. The hardest part is finding someone who loves you back.
找个人爱很简单，难的的是你爱的那个人回应你的爱。
Truth is, I miss you. All the time, every second, every minute, every hour, every day.
真相是，我想你。无时无刻不想你，每一分，每一秒，每个小时，每一天。
There is nothing on earth more beautiful to me than your smile,no pleasure greater than holding you in my arms.
这世界上没有什么比你的笑容更美，没有什么比把你搂在怀里更快乐。
The most painful goodbyes are the ones never said, but the heart already knows it's over.
最痛苦的一种再见是从未说出口，但心里却清楚，一切都已结束。
The face can speak a thousand emotions, but it can easily mask what the heart feels. for the happiest face may be masking the most hurting heart.
一张脸诉说千种情绪，却很容易掩饰心情。最快乐的面具下，也许是一颗最痛的心。
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman’s heart.
在这个世界上，男人最珍贵的财产就是一个女人的心。
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
为成就大事，我们需要的不只是行动，还要梦想，不只是计划，还要相信。
Single is not a status , it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
单身不表示一种身份，而是一个词语，用来形容一个人足够强大，已不需要依赖别人就可以生活，并且很会享受生活。
Sad useless, let oneself live your life is the most important. Love is beautiful, but is not the life complete.
伤心没有用，让自己好好地生活才最重要。爱情虽美，却不是生活的全部。
Smile to cover up the sad and silent all the way.
微笑掩盖悲伤，沉默诠释一切。
Spend life with who makes you happy, not who you have to impress.
选择让你快乐的那个人来共度余生，而不是你必须努力取悦的那一个。
Specificity is not life just like a person, is when you love someone wholeheartedly.
专一不是一辈子只喜欢一个人，是喜欢一个人的时候一心一意。
Sometimes you have to show your bad side so that you can sort out who can accept you at your worst.
有时候，你要表现自己不好的一面，才能找出谁能接受你最差的你。
Someday I may find my Prince Charming, but my dad will always be my king.
也许某天，白马王子会来到我身旁；但是永远，爸爸都是我心中的国王。
Sometimes you have to smile and act like everything is okay, hold back the tears and walk away.
有时候你不得不笑，表现得好像一切OK，然后，忍着眼泪走开。
Say not all that you know, believe not all that you hear.
你所知道的不要全说,你所听到的不要全信。
I want to become so strong, in order to withstand the inconstancy of human relationships.
我要变得多么坚强，才能承受这世态炎凉。
Only takes a minute to encounter a person, an hour to like a person, a day to love a person, but it takes a lifetime to forget a person.
只需要一分钟就可以碰到一个人，一小时喜欢上一个人，一天爱上一个人，但需要花尽一生的时间去忘掉一个人。
The dog is not thin, because it does not miss. Thin, because he was thinking of others. Always miss torture, do a poor stray dogs in the thoughts.
狗不会瘦，因为它不会思念。人会瘦，因为他思念着别人。人总是被思念折磨，在思念里做一头可怜的流浪狗。
No matter how most of the old, no matter how family and friends urging, do not arbitrarily toward marriage, marriage is not playing cards, reshuffle the cards to pay a huge price.
不管多大多老，不管家人朋友怎么催，都不要随便对待婚姻，婚姻不是打牌，重新洗牌要付出巨大代价。
Wind from the broken flower-like fleeting, and your smile shake shake my life the way most beautiful embellishment, the sky, watching the snow, watching the season deep shadow.
风吹起如花般破碎的流年，而你的笑容摇晃摇晃，成为我命途中最美的点缀，看天，看雪，看季节深深的暗影。
Sometimes strong is not a good thing, because some people will think you are strong, so the damage you are not a big problem, so hurt you again and again.
有时候坚强并不是什么好事情，因为有些人会认为你坚强，所以伤害你问题不大，于是一再的伤害你。
Sometimes, when I say "I'm fine" when, in fact, I hope people can see through my eyes, hold me tight, said: "I ​​know you're not good."
有时候，当我说“我很好”的时候，其实我希望有个人能看穿我的眼睛，紧紧的抱着我说：“我知道你并不好。”
Never explain yourself to anyone, because people like you do not need to, without people like you would not believe.
永远不要向任何人解释你自己，因为喜欢你的人不需要，而不喜欢你的人不会相信。
Begin to miss that once held in the hands of desolation years, and that a splendid rivers and lakes. - There are those who have loved and hated people.
开始想念，那曾经握在手中苍凉的岁月，以及那一片灿烂的江湖。——还有那些曾经爱过恨过的人们。
Called grown up, that is, the original value of the things to look mildly, originally underestimate the importance of what little value.
所谓长大，就是把原本看重的东西看轻一点，原本看轻的东西看重一点。
There is no such a person, every day can come and go and TA dozens of text messages, but a call was awkward and silent.
有没有这样一个人，每天可以和TA来去几十条短信，可是一打电话却尴尬无语。
If the outcome is not what I want, then I would prefer not to participate in this process. I have my pride, what for you to humble yourself!
如果结局不是我想要的，那么我宁愿不去参与这个过程。我有我的骄傲，凭什么为了你去卑微自己！
The saddest, most panic, and no tears, tears always flow at the end of the story, the flow in the end of all time!
人在最悲痛、最恐慌的时候，并没有眼泪，眼泪永远都是流在故事的结尾，流在一切结束的时候！
Integration into the Galaxy peaceful and moon with light long days; not into the wilderness, smiling breeze force dyed green earth, it's only to treat life, and live for Love.
融入银河，就安谧地和明月为伴照亮长天；没入草莽，就微笑着同清风合力染绿大地，这样才算善待生命，不负年华。
Believe that the beautiful life, is a word elegy, an overflowing heart interpersonal loneliness, already growing into a huge ice while you are this season's most beautiful notes.
相信优美的生命，就是一曲无字的挽歌，漫过心际的孤独，早已蔚然成冰，而你是这个季节里最美的音符。
True love there is no happy ending, because true love never ends, the brave let go, for him, is just a way to say "I love you".
真正的爱没有所谓幸福的结局，因为真爱永不结束，勇敢放手，对他来说，也只是说“我爱你”的一种方式。
This world, no one wrong, but we have different encounters, was forced to embark on a different path.
这个世界上，谁都没有错，只是我们有不同的际遇，被迫走上不同的道路。
We really want to after a long, long time to be able to understand that they really miss, what kind of person, what kind of thing.
我们真的要过了很久很久，才能够明白，自己真正怀念的，到底是怎样的人，怎样的事。
The last one, can not turn, do not turn, turn over the dust will be lost eyes.
过去的一页，能不翻就不要翻，翻落了灰尘会迷了双眼。
I can not hide the secret, hide nothing sad, as I can not hide love you joy, not hide separation of indecision. I was so calm, you are willing to hurt, it hurt.
我藏不住秘密，也藏不住忧伤，正如我藏不住爱你 的喜悦，藏不住分离时的彷徨。我就是这样坦然，你舍得伤， 就伤。
I hope, in a scenic corner, I met you, and then met my own.
我祈望，在某个风光明媚的街角，我遇见你，然后遇见我自己。
I hope there is such a person, you do not mind my bad temper, do not mind my bad habits, and do not mind my family always stood by me, and believe it to grow old.
我希望有这么一个人、不嫌弃我的坏脾气、不嫌弃我的坏习惯、不嫌弃我的家境怎样，始终站在我身边，一不小心就白头到老了。
Silence is the most overwhelming atmosphere. Like the original God have mercy on hand taken away, leaving only the lonely chill in the air.
沉默是最无法抵抗的气氛。好似上帝原来垂怜的手收走了，空气里只留有寂寞的寒意。
Love in a handwriting, even if does not make sense for a long time, eternally exist.
年华里的一个笔迹，即便没有意义，也长久地，永恒地存在着。
In this life, there is always a person, always trying to find fault with you, you very wanted to go on.
这一生，总有一个人，老是跟你过不去，你却很想 跟他过下去。
Who says I love long, Who says two hearts not forget; Who can say to Sansei accompanied Who can say that the end of time; Who can say that love is forever, who can say for love long long.
谁说一世情长，谁说两心不忘；谁能说三生相伴，谁能说地老天荒；谁能说为爱永远，谁能说为情久长。
You said it makes me happy. It turned out that in your heart, happiness is severely abandoned.
你说过，会让我幸福的。原来，在你心里，幸福就是狠狠抛弃。
The world, really there is such a person silently watching you, love you, but never again close to you.
世界上，真的会有那么一个人默默，关注着你，疼爱着你，却永远不再靠近你。
Some thoughts only to himself, some secret only tell our friends. Some pain can only endure in silence, or rely on their own to save.
有些心事只能自言自语，有些秘密只能讲给朋友。有些痛苦只能默默承受，自己还是要靠自己拯救。
Happiness is actually very simple. When you lost, when you are sad, when you cry, I will come to your side to give you a hug, do not hesitate.
幸福，其实很简单。当你失落、当你伤心、当你落泪，我会走到你身边给你一个拥抱，毫不犹豫。
As long as the persistent dream can become a reality. We do not live in a dream?
梦想只要能持久，就能成为现实。我们不就是生活在梦想中的吗？
When you still want to continue, never say goodbye; when you can afford to never give up; when you can not let a person, never Never say you do not love him (her).
当你仍想继续，永远不要说再见；当你还能承受， 永远不要说放弃；当你舍不得一个人，永远永远不要说你不 再爱他（她） 。
Day without you, I will be more selling themselves, not my years, you have torn your own.
没有你的日子里，我会更加作践自己，没有我的岁月里，你要蹂躏你自己。
Vampire: The God cast aside the race. With disdainful look at God and his people.
吸血鬼：被上帝所唾弃的种族．在用鄙视的眼光看着上帝和他的子民。
He gave up only one city, day shone, went to a life or death unknown.
只为他放弃一座城池，在天光大亮的时候，奔赴一场或生或死的未知。
I ran out of enthusiasm, lost his own pain at his mouth, a touch of sweet, it will only field miracle.
我耗尽了热情，丢失了自己，伤痛处还含着淡淡的甜蜜，原来只是场奇迹。
Your the nib teenager who is dreaming of the way into the song, in the city's absolute shortage purposes.
你是谁朝思暮想的笔尖少年、在绝城的荒途里辗转成歌。
Do not stay in front of him tears sounded, he was unable to give you care and concern, at best, just a little sympathy.
请不要在他面前泪留满面，他无法给予你照顾和关心，至多只是一点同情。
I always hiding in the depths of the dream season, listening to spend the night singing the best of the nightmare, sing to make the bustling, singing off all memory antecedents.
我总是躲在梦与季节的深处，听花与黑夜唱尽梦魇，唱尽繁华，唱断所有记忆的来路。
Two people sharing a happy, happy divided into two: a total of two people taste a painful, the pain is only half.
两个人共享一个快乐，快乐分成两份：两个人共尝一个痛苦，痛苦只是半个。
Men and women, once slept, will the other requirements; requirements, there is blame, blame, there is pain; painful, there is resentment.
男人和女人，一旦睡过，就会对对方有要求 ; 有要求，就有埋怨，有埋怨，就有痛苦 ; 有痛苦，就有怨恨。
I was afraid to break your heart, no one to help you wipe the tears, do not leave my side, with you my world in order to perfect.
我害怕你心碎，没人帮你擦眼泪，别离开身边，拥有你我的世界才能完美。
You're a authentic beauty. This means you only have to be considered in the authentic beauty, because there was no light in the tunnel.
你真是个地道的美人啊。就是说你只有在地道里才算美人，因为地道里没灯。
Who corner of scarlet tears mole sake of your bustling I, your armored cavalry the Jiangshan gift who a stone breaking shaking empty joy.
谁眼角朱红的泪痣成全了你的繁华一世、你金戈铁马的江山赠与谁一场石破惊天的空欢喜。
I put all sad to go again, the most sad is that you are not in the end. I put all desperate to go again, the most desperate you are still starting point.
我把所有的伤心走一遍，最伤心的是你不在终点。我把所有的绝望走一遍，最绝望的是你还在起点。
Woman is water there is always a dry day, the man is a mountain bare. So, accompanied by landscape can into a loop.
女人是水总有干枯的一天，男人是山总有光秃的一天。所以，山水相伴才能成一个循环。
Mountain because of potential water change with the times, people think and change! Thinking is our life, but also a source of pleasure.
山因势而变，水因时而变，人因思而变！思考是我们的生命，也是我们快乐的源泉。
You who side home in the moonlight, seared in my heart, but Liu Buchu tears.
如今的你又在谁的身旁，家乡月光，深深烙在我心上，却流不出当年泪光。
The dream of the wind, unable to retain. The dream of the wind, you do not have to retain. I would like to go with the wind. Retain that dream.
风里的梦，挽留不住。梦里的风，不必挽留。我愿随风去。挽留那梦境。
Does not matter, the Fang Jiufang is do not let yourself so tired, the dream purely wait cycle.
无所谓，该放就放别让自己那么累，让梦纯粹静候循环。
Fairview Rare infinite understanding of the world, to be quiet, to be satisfied, to be calm, or regret your choice, all separation and let go.
要了解世间锦绣与珍异的无穷，要安静，要满意，要从容，要不后悔你所有的抉择，所有的分离和所有的割舍。
Create opportunities for people who are brave.Waiting for the opportunity to fool the people. Can not do, not true wisdom.
创造机会的人是勇者。等待机会的人是愚者。能说不能行，不是真智慧。
There are some things missed is never irreparable, some people turned around is a lifetime.
有些事，错过了就是永远无法挽回，有些人，一转身就是一辈子。
Gently away once covered my laughter trails, everything is still so familiar. And you, forget told me promise?
轻轻的走在这条曾经落满你我笑声的小径间，一切，依然是那么熟悉。而你，忘记了曾对我许下的诺言吗？
Accustomed to stroll, large tracts of the night, any thoughts wander, Qing Long time, those Ruoyouruowu thoughts, but also easy to look back at the bright years.
习惯了漫步，于大片的夜色里，任心事徜徉，轻拢时光，那些若有若无的思绪，也便于回眸处晶亮了岁月。
On that day, I watched with sad eyes you leave today, let me borrow a trace of your old affectionate eyes, give me a ride, warm this season I never warm their hearts.
那日，我用心痛的目光目送你离开，今日，就让我借一丝你昔日深情的目光，送我一程，暖我这季不曾温热的心扉。
Have you been so quietly, staring at those Shen Sunset, homeless sad.
你是不是一直这样，安静地，凝望那些日沉日落，无家可归的忧伤。
I always think, my memory is not living in the other end of Long Street, and my rings died in Long Street head.
我总是在想，我的记忆是不是活在长街的那头，而我的年轮死在长街的这头。
When you really love something, you will find language how vulnerable and powerless.Text and feel forever barriers.
当你真正爱一样东西的时候你就会发现语言多么的脆弱和无力。文字与感觉永远有隔阂。
Want to know a person loving you, to see him and you have no vitality, it does not happy, there is love, there is no just do not love.
想知道一个人爱不爱你，就看他和你在一起有没有活力，开不开心，有就是爱，没有就是不爱。
Fall in love with a person, there is always a little afraid, afraid to get his; fear of losing him.
爱上一个人的时候，总会有点害怕，怕得到他；怕失掉他。
There are many differences and a lifestyle love does not matter, marriage should be careful, think about whether you can long endure each other's different.
和一个生活习惯有很多差异的人恋爱不要紧，结婚要慎重，想想你是否可以长久忍受彼此的不同。
May be my personality too negative, as long as it is sad and poignant, I like.
可能是我的性格过于消极吧，只要是那些忧伤而凄美的，我都喜欢。
Not every endeavor will be harvested, but every effort must be harvested, which is an unfair proposition irreversible.
不是每一次努力都会有收获，但是每一次收获都必须努力，这是一个不公平的不可逆转的命题。
Like a person, is not painful.Love a person, may have lingering pain, but he gave me happiness, but also the greatest joy in the world.
喜欢一个人，是不会有痛苦的。爱一个人，也许有绵长的痛苦，但他给我的快乐，也是世上最大的快乐。
I do not remember when to begin, every day you fly to my window, as long as I put his hand to the sky, you will proudly appear.
不记得从什么时候开始，你天天飞到我的窗前，只要我将手伸向天空，你就会神气地出现。
Perhaps one day we are old, but I still remember you had my heart like.
或许有一天我们都老了，但是我还是记得你当初让我心动的样子。
If you're cold,I will hold you in my arms;if you worry me to wipe your tears; if you love me, I would like to broadcast around the world, I just want to give you my true love.
如果你冷，我将你拥入怀中；如果你忧，我替你擦去泪痕；如果你爱我，我要向全世界广播，我只想给你我真实的爱。
Turned away, unable to say break, seabirds, fish love, just an accident.
转身离开，分手说不出来，海鸟跟鱼相爱，只是一场意外。
I thought you are the only one who understood me.But now when all the others konw I'm upset,you are the only one who still don’t find it.
我曾以为你是唯一懂我的人。但是现在所有人都知道我很沮丧都时候你是唯一 一个没有发现的人。
There is always something I haven't said to you.It's not because of other things,it's because I love you.
总会有些话来不及告诉你。不是因为外界的客观原因 只是因为我爱你。
No matter how familiar we used to be with each other,as long as we are apart then we become strangers.
原来只要分开了的人，无论原来多么熟悉，也会慢慢变得疏远。
No matter the ending is perfect or not, you cannot disappear from my world.
我的世界不允许你的消失,不管结局是否完美。
Knowledge can't replace friendship,I'd rather be an idiot than lose you,Spongebob.
知识不能取代友谊，即使变成笨蛋我也不愿意失去你，海绵宝宝。
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less smile often and realize how fortunate you are right now.
好的生活就是：不瞎想，做得多，要得少，常微笑，懂知足。
How I wish I could go back in time and meet myself as a kid.
真希望自己可以适时地穿越回去，去见见那个还是个小孩子的自己。
The outer world you see is a reflection of your inner self.
你看到什么样的世界，你就拥有什么样的内心。
It's not suspicious that I'm fixating. It's consistent with my personality.
我专注一件事没什么奇怪的。我一直就这性格。
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
一个从不犯错误的人，一定从来没有尝试过任何新鲜事物。
Every day will be Valentine's Day if you are with the right person.
其实爱对了人，情人节每天都过。
Setting off firecrackers is a very important activity during the Spring Festival.
放鞭炮是春节期间的重要活动。
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
世界上最让人难以理解的东西就是个人所得税。
Lucky money is given to kids as a token of luck and best wishes.
大人们给小孩子压岁钱，预示着能带来好运。
As the Chinese New Year draws near, everyone is busy in shopping for the Spring Festival.
春节临近，大家都在忙着备年货。
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
我不知道第三次世界大战会用哪些武器，但第四次世界大战中人们肯定用的是木棍和石块。
It's one thing to say something, but quite another to do it.
说是一码事，做是另一码事。
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
宇宙中唯有两件事物是无限的：宇宙的大小与人的愚蠢。我不能确定的是宇宙的大小。
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
妨碍我学习的唯一障碍就是我的教育。
Knowing what you cannot do is far more important than knowing what you are capable of.
知道自己不能做什么远比知道自己能做什么重要。
No matter how hard it is, just keep going because you only fail when you give up.
无论多么艰难，都要继续前进，因为只有你放弃的那一刻，你才输了。
The respectability of youth lies in their courage and great expectations.
年轻人的可敬之处在于勇气和远大前程。
All of life is an act of letting go,but what hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.
人生就是不断地放下，但令人痛心的是，没来得及好好与他们道别。
Don't say you are a procrastinator; really, it's just that the pace of this bloody age is too fast.
别总说自己有拖延症，其实是这个坑爹的时代步伐太快。
If your girlfriend is smart, beautiful, and gentle, then please, love her in my place for the time being.
如果你的女友聪明，漂亮，温柔。那么，麻烦你暂时先替我好好爱着她。
We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition， where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things.
我们需要避免梦想的匮乏，人们总是希望开好车，穿好衣服，住好房子，却不愿为之付出艰辛。
Some good friends become distant insensibly，even you do not know why.
有些好朋友，真的是不知不觉就疏远了，你连原因都不知道是什么。
Do not waste a minute living someone else's dream. It takes a lot of real work to discover what brings you joy.
不要为别人的梦想浪费一分钟。要想知道带给你快乐的是什么，必须付出真正的努力。
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
据说一个人在这世界上获得真正的幸福需要三件事：有人爱，有事做以及有所期待。
You can't stop change from happening in your life. What you can do is accept that it’s inevitable and you just have to adapt.
你无法阻止生活发生改变。你能做的是接受这个无法避免的事实并去适应它。
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.
如果一切尽在掌控之中，说明你迈的步子还不够大。
Slow down, quiet down, listen to the voices of flowers, tell yourself, life, good.
慢下来，静下来，听一听花开的声音，告诉自己，生活，真好。
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them.
生命的价值不在于能活多少天，而在于我们如何使用这些日子。
It is while you are patiently toiling at the little tasks of life that the meaning and shape of great whole of life dawn on you.
在你耐心地操劳于生活的琐事的过程中，你才能领悟整个生活的伟大意义和形象。
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
当你爱上你所拥有的，你就什么都不缺。
Everything in life is temporary, even bad days and sleepless night.
生活中的所有一切都只是暂时的，包括乌云密布的日子以及一个个不眠之夜。
The grievances can be told is not real grievances; The lover can be stolen is not real a lover.
能够说出的委屈，便不算委屈;能够抢走的爱人，便不算爱人。
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
如果你想拥有从未有过的东西，那么你必须去做你从未做过的事。
But his tones were sincere enough to make his hesitation no defect.
不过他的语调却很诚恳,让人觉不出来,言语迟钝是一种毛病
Long ride but finally here, met some new friends along the way, tonight  party?
好长的路程终于到了，见到一些新朋友，晚上派对?
Thanks everybody for so many sweet birthday messages to my father! you guys are great, love you all! Shak
谢谢大家给我父亲送上这么多可爱的生日祝福！你们太棒了，我爱你们！Shak
The Chief is in Tokyo at The Imperial Hotel.  You can see the Imperial Palace through the adjacent buildings.  The trains below look like snakes weaving.  And I was able to gym this early morning.
老大在东京帝国酒店。你可以在相邻的这些建筑物中看见这座大厦。下面的列车看上去就像蛇在穿梭。今早我还健身了。
At least poults has sold 1 pair of trousers and a hat in china! Poulter
至少在中国卖了他自己设计的一条裤子和一顶帽子!
To mark the 40th anniversary of the founding of diplomatic relations between China and Japan, 200 pieces of Chinese art have gone on display in Tokyo.
为庆祝中日邦交正常化40周年，“北京故宫博物院200选”展览于2012年1月2日至2月19日在日本东京国立博物馆展出。
Morning everyone. Was anyone else woken up by the wind last night?
大家早上好！昨晚我被大风提醒了。你们呢
get ur snoop stickers at tha LINE Global sticker shop u hear me jacc!!!!
快到LINE的国际贴图商店中下载snoop贴图，你们听到了吗!!!!
QOTD: "The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." Paul Valery
每日一言:''醒来是让你梦想成真的最好方法.''Paul Valery
But I don’t care what they say,I’m in love with you.
可是我不在乎别人怎么说,我深爱着你.
Ladies, comments requested! Who would you ask to be your Valentine?
女士们，来评论吧！你想要和谁一起过情人节呢
At the submicroscopic level a gas appears to be an incalculable chaos of flying molecules.
从亚微观的观点来看,气体是一群不计其数的、无规则乱飞的分子
The display of fireworks on New Year's Eve is a fine spectacle.
除夕夜的烟火是道美妙的奇观。
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
成功通常是由那些不知失败是无可避免的人所达成。
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
初恋只是一点点愚蠢加上许许多多的好奇。
Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.
被轻蔑的时候能平静的一笑，这是一种自信。
Time can heal a broken heart, but time can also break a waiting heart.
时间可以愈合一颗破碎的心，也会伤害一颗等待的心。
Life was suddenly full of possibilities, not to mention a few unexpected surprises.
生命突然充满了无限可能，更有一些意外惊喜。
Make the person mature is not the time, but the experience. subway tasted, through the nature; through the world, see light the world.
使人成熟的不是岁月，而是经历。百味尝遍，自然看透；看透世态，看淡世事。
Not easily cut open to others, because others are hilarious, and the pain is yourself.
不要轻易把伤口揭开给别人看，因为别人看的是热闹，而痛的却是自己。
I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
我希望你过着让自己骄傲的生活。如果没有，我希望你有勇气可以重头来过。
When you are alone, be kind to yourself. When you are together with another one, be kind to your counterpart.
一个人时，善待自己；两个人时，善待对方。
Don't over-complicate things. If you hold them too tightly, they would shatter and your hands would hurt.
凡事不要想的太复杂，手握的太紧，东西会碎，手会疼。
A lot of things to see through but not disclose as long as oneself know good there's no need to say it.
很多事情，看穿但不说穿，只要自己心里有数就好了，没必要说出来。
The more we find, the more we lose. The more we know, the more we hurt. The more we care, the more we are sad.
得到越多，失去越多。懂得越多，伤得越多。在乎越多，难过越多。
You only have one life... So don't spend it focusing on what others want to see, focus on what you want to be.
你只会活一次。。。所以不要浪费生命，太过在意别人怎么看你，而应专注于你想要做个什么样的人。
I want to refresh my mind, delete all my problems, undo all my mistakes, and save all the happy moments.
我想刷新自己的思维，删除自己的毛病，撤销犯下的错误，保存所有欢乐的时光。
Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten. Alter what is changeable, and accept what is mutable.
记住该记住的，忘记该忘记的，改变能改变的，接受不能改变的。
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are the portals of discovery.
一个有睿智的人不犯错，他的错误是通往新发现的入口。
A beautiful form is better than a beautiful; a beautiful behavior than a beautiful form.
脸蛋美不如外形美，外形美不如行为美。
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear – not absence of fear.
勇气是抗拒恐惧，征服恐惧—不是没有恐惧。
Things will come to you as it is planned for you. The firmer you grip, the easier you lose. We've tried and cherished, we have a clear conscience.
是你的，就是你的。越是紧握，越容易失去。我们努力了，珍惜了，问心无愧。
Good day gives you joy while bad day gives you experience. So never regret every single day of your life!
美好的日子给你带来快乐，阴暗的日子给你带来经验。所以，不要对生命中的任何一天怀有遗憾。
A great love will outlast time, endure hardship, overcome distance, and withstand longing.
好的爱情，战得胜时间，抵得住流年，经得起离别，受得住想念 。
Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.
弱者困于环境，智者利用环境。
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
只要你下定决心，你就可以克服任何恐惧。要记住，恐惧只存在于内心。
Life is like a 10-speed bike. Most of us have gears we never use.
人生就像是一台10段变速脚踏车，大多数人都有没用到的排档。
Only those who constantly retool themselves stand a chance of staying employed in the years ahead.
只有那些不断充实自己的人，才有机会在往后的日子里持续地被雇用。
Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future.
你的过去不等于你的潜力，在任何时间，你都可以选择解放你的未来。
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
教育是兴盛时的点缀物、逆境时的避难所。
Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's level of aspiration and expectation.
成就主要是逐步提升抱负及期望的结果。
Fear melts when you take action towards a goal you really want.
当你对一个你真正想要的目标付诸行动时，恐惧就会消失。
iPad.My daughter Meredith is 8 and has the strongest personality of my four kids. She is smart and extremely independent. She also has a warm, loving side. She was born in Ningdu, Jiangxi Province and she was 9 months old when we got her. I am a lucky man. She is here with an iPad!
我滴女儿Meredith8岁，是四个孩子中个性最强的。她很聪明伶俐而且尤为独立。当然她也有让人觉得温暖，非常有爱心的一面。她出生在江西宁都。当我们领养她的时候，她才9个月大。我真是非常的幸运呀！看她正在玩她的
Imprinting is not possible in the following modes: print off mode and reset mode.
在下列模式下不能进行影印:不影印模式、重新设定模式。
If you found a briefcase with $10,000 cash in it and the person's information inside would you try to return it?
如果你捡到了一个公文包，里面有一万美元现钞以及失主的联系方式，你会物归原主吗
Sally Ride: America's first woman in space dies aged 61 .
第一位進入太空的美國女性薩利瑞德過世。年僅61歲
Ke$ha, Rawr!!! Fun having u at the show tonight! - Ke
$ha，爱你！！！！今晚的节目有你在太棒了
Bill Gates has given away $28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.
自2007年以来，比尔·盖茨已经捐出280亿美元，拯救了大约600万生命。
Please follow bigdragon1979. He's an awesome dude with a heart of gold.
请大家关注bigdragon1979。他是个了不起的人，有颗金子般的心
It's a beautiful thing to see people around the world listening & sharing your sound. Thank you everyone. It's nothing but love!
看着全世界的人都在听自己的歌，分享自己的歌曲是件很美好的事情。谢谢你们每个人。这些都是因为爱
A thousand inquires sprang up from her heart, but she dared not urge one.
她的心头涌出千百个疑问,但她一个也不敢提出来
It is guided to its destination by radio and radar control.
它是通过无线电和雷达控制装置而导向其指定目标的
The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past; You can’t go forward in life until you let go of your past failures.
最光明的未来，总是建立在遗忘的过去之上；只有忘掉过去的失败，你才能勇往直前。
Sometimes,God does not give you what you want,it is not because you do not deserve it but for the better.
有时候，上天没有给你想要的，不是因为你不配，而是你值得更好的。
Pain makes you stronger. Tears makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. So thank the past for a better future.
痛苦让人更坚强；眼泪让人更勇敢；心碎让人更睿智；所以感谢过去，它让你有个更好的未来。
Life is a palette, you put colors on it. Let your past make you better, not bitter.
生活是调色板，每个人自己在上面加上颜色。让你的过去失去你更多成长，而不是增添更多怨恨。
Happiness can ba found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
即使在最黑暗的时刻，幸福也是有迹可循的，你需要做的只是记得为自己点亮一盞灯。
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
我们开始相爱不是因为找到了一个完美的人,而是因为学会了完美地看待一个不完美的人。
Love your parents. We are too busy growing up yet we forget that they are already growing old.
多关心一下自己的父母吧，我们总忙着自己成长，却忘了他们也在变老。
It is alright for you to feel wronged or have a good cry,but you should not let others see your weakness.
你可以委屈，可以痛哭，但不要让所有人都看到你的脆弱。
Be thankful for hard times in your life. Try not to look at them as bad things, but as opportunities to grow and learn.
感激生命中那些艰难的岁月，别把它们当成坏事，而应当看成是学习、成长的机会。
Life will get better when it goes bad to a certain extent.Because it can't get worse than this.We should fill our heart with sunshine.
生活坏到一定程度就会好起来，因为它无法更坏。所以我们应该心中充满阳光。
The happiest of people needn't have the best of everything, they just enjoy the most of everything that comes along them.
幸福之人并非拥有一切，只是尽力享受生活的赐予。
Be confident with yourself and stop worrying what other people think. Do what's best for your future happiness!
对自己要自信，别再管其它人怎么想了。为了未来幸福全力以赴吧！
Do you know what a loser is? A real loser is someone who's so afraid of not winning he doesn't even try.
你知道什么叫失败？真正失败的人，就是那种特别害怕不能成功，怕死了，连试都不敢试的人。
Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to.
有些人成功，是因为他们命中注定要成功；但绝大部分人成功，是因为他们下定决心要成功。
I guess when you're young, you just believe there'll be many people with whom you'll connect with. Later in life, you realize it only happens a few times.
年轻的时候你以为会和许多人心灵相通，但后来你发现，这样的事情一辈子只会发生那么几次。
Life has a value only when it has something valuable as its object.
目标有价值，生活才有价值。
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
无论年纪有多大，你都可以有新的目标或新的梦想。
If you don't know what you want, you won't know when you've gotten it.
如果你不知道自己想要的是什么，那么当你拥有了也会茫然不知。
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
过去的事情没办法改变，但未来还在你的掌握之中。
The hours we pass with happy prospects in view are more pleasing than those crowded with fruition.
预期美好前景的的过程比起已经得到丰硕成果的时光还要来得快乐。
Time is much more than money. At the end of your life, it's guaranteed you will be out of time and more than likely out of money as well, if you didn't value time.
时间比金钱要重要的多。在生命尽头，你肯定会没时间，如果你不珍惜时间的话，很有可能也没钱。
Love is like a butterfly. It goes where it pleases and it pleases where it goes.
爱情就像一只蝴蝶，它喜欢飞到哪里，就把欢乐带到哪里。为了我们的情人节转发！
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
谦卑不是把自己看低一些，而是少想到自己一点。
My eyes are the stars over your window,Gazing affectionately at you every night.
我的目光就是你窗前的星星，每夜都在深情地注视着你。
Our minds can shape the way a thing will be because we act according to our expectations.
我们的思维将会影响一件事情的发展，因为我们是依据我们的预期来做事的。
Difficulties are meant to arouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
困难是用来激励人心的，而不是使人气馁。人的心灵将因挫折而茁壮成长。
To wish you joy at this holy season. Wishing every happiness will always be with you.
恭祝新年吉祥，幸福和欢乐与你同在。
At New Year and always， may peace and love fill your heart， beauty fill your world， and contentment and joy fill your days。
新年的祝福，平日的希冀，愿你心境祥和、充满爱意，愿你的世界全是美满，愿你一切称心如意，快乐无比。马年快乐！转给爱我的人！
Good luck, good health, hood cheer. I wish you a happy New Year.
祝好运、健康、佳肴伴你度过一个快乐新年。欢度马年！
Never turn down a job because you think it's too small. You don't know where it can lead.
绝不要因为一个工作微不足道而拒绝它，你不知道它可以引领你去哪里。
Complaining is like a slap in the face for you to draw their own a slap in the face. It doesn't solve the problem, it just hurts you more.
抱怨就像是为抽自己一耳光而再抽自己一耳光。抱怨完全不能解决问题，只会让你更受伤。
May the bright and festive glow of New Year candle warm the days all the year through。 Hoping you will have a wonderful time enjoying New Year that is happy in every way.
愿明亮喜庆的新年烛光温暖一年中的每个日日夜夜，祝你欢欢喜喜度马年!
One day someone will walk into your life, then you realize love was always worth waiting for.
有一天那个人走进了你的生命，你就会明白，真爱总是值得等待的。
I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you.
我爱你不是因为你，而是因为我喜欢与你在一起时的感觉。
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed.
有一天，当你发现再也记不起为了什么而受伤，那就是痊愈之时。
Will we at last forget ourselves result from the continuous affectation．
我们会不会终有一天在不断的假装里，忘记自己……
The one who likes you, need you now; the people who love you, to your future.
喜欢你的人，要你的现在；爱你的人，要你的未来。
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
自由是做你喜欢做的事，幸福是喜欢你做的事。
The very things that in the moment dampen our moods can later be sources of intense gratification and delight.
正是那些让人心绪沉重的时刻，日后成了我们巨大满足和快乐的源泉！
Winter is an etching, spring a watercolor, summer an oil painting and autumn a mosaic of them all.
冬天是蚀刻画，春天是水彩画，夏天是油画，而秋天则是三者的美丽交织。
If you wish to be the best man, you must suffer the bitterest of the bitter.
吃得苦中苦, 方为人上人。
When you discover that you’ve fallen in love with a man you hate, this affair is really hurting you.
有一天当你发觉你爱上一个让你讨厌的人,这段感情才是最要命的。
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction．
生活告诉我们，爱不在于朝夕相伴，而应能风雨同舟。
If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn't, nothing can make him stay.
如果他爱你，没人能妨碍他靠近；如果他忘情，谁也无力阻止他离去。
If you left me without a reason, don't come back with an excuse.
如果你无缘无故就离我而去，就不要找任何借口想要回到我身边。
When you have something you really love but it causes you pain, God is just testing you to see if you are strong enough to hold it.
当你真正喜欢一样东西，但它又给你带来伤害的时候，其实这是老天在考验你是否足够坚持。
The spirit of the candle is not only the object of praise of the ancients， and it is our role model.
蜡烛的精神不仅是古人赞美的对象，而且是我们的榜样。
Crouch down, hold your knees when you are depressed.Forgive others and yourself.
郁闷的时候蹲下来抱抱自己，原谅别人也原谅自己。
Smiling doesn't always mean you're happy. In some cases, it simply means that you're a strong girl.
微笑并不总是说明你是快乐的，有的时候，它只说明你是很坚强。
Eat a piece of candy every day and tell yourself the day is sweet again.
每天吃一颗糖，然后告诉自己：今天的日子，果然又是甜的。
You don’t love a girl because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
你不是因为她的美丽而爱她，而她却因为你的爱而美丽。
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
幸福秘诀：不悲过去，非贪未来，心系当下，由此安详。
And when not in luck with the rest of the disaster， is not loyal friend， The quarrels of friends are the opportunities of foes.
在幸运时不与人同享，在灾难中不会是忠实的友人， 朋友间的不和，就是敌人进攻的机会。
Sculpting in time of memories， years precipitate the feelings， because once touched， so unforgettable.
时光雕刻着回忆，岁月沉淀了情感，因为曾经感动，所以难以忘怀。
Love isn't about how to find out the similarities，it's about how to respect the differences.
爱情不是寻找共同点，而是学会尊重不同点…
Don't make decisions when angry， don't say the promise at happy time.
谨记，别在生气的时候做决定，别在开心的时候说承诺。
The more you try not to care， the more you will end up caring.
越想不在意，却越是在意。
One of the greatest courage, is deceived and hurt, can maintain confidence and ability to love.
人生最大的勇敢之一，就是经历欺骗和伤害之后，还能保持信任和爱的能力。
Guys flirt with the dangerous girls， but they don’t bring them home. They marry the good girls.
男人喜欢跟坏女孩调情，但不会把她们娶回家，男人只会娶好女孩。
If a man urge me to tell wherefore I love him， I feel that it can not be expressed but by answering，Because it was he， because it was myself.
如果有人问我为什么爱他，我觉得我只能如此回答：“ 因为是他，因为是我。”
You ask I love you is worth， actually you should know， love is to ask worth not worth it.
你问我爱你值不值得，其实你应该知道，爱就是不问值得不值得。
If I die， just to find a woman to be my wife， I love her.
如果我死了，随便找个女的作我妻子，告诉我爱她。
The wound is given to the shame of others， they insist hallucinations.Eternal happiness in the world is extraordinary， life in the most long-term owners cherish.
伤口是别人给与的耻辱，自己坚持的幻觉。世界上最永恒的幸福就是平凡，人生中最长久的拥有就是珍惜。
The only time I don’t miss you， is when you’re right next to me.
我唯一不想你的时候就是你在我身边的时候。
Time is a big glass containers， anything can be it without reserve to receive.
时间是个盛大的玻璃容器 ，任何事情都可以被它毫无保留的收纳。
Because of you, the winter will have a romantic, everything is very warm。
因为有你，这个冬天就有了浪漫，一切都很温暖。
Smile and silence are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is the way to avoid many problems.
微笑和沉默是两把利器：微笑解决很多问题，沉默避免许多问题。
The saddest thing in life is when you meet that special someone and you know it will never be and sooner or later, you'll have to let go.
生活中最难过的莫过于当你遇上一个很特别的人，却明白永远不可能，或迟或早，你都不得不放弃。
Don't be afraid to change. You may lose something good, but you may gain something even better.
不要害怕改变，尽管你可能会因此失去一些好的东西，但你也可能会得到一些更好的东西。
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who matter don’t mind, and those that mind don’t matter.
做你自己，说出你的感受.因为那些对你重要的人不会介意，而那些介意的人对你并不重要。
Sometimes, crazy is also quite good, even in sad, can Meixinmeifei smile.
有时候，疯疯癫癫也挺好，即使在难过，也可以没心没肺地笑。
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow. When the lamp is off, you will find the shadow everywhere. Friend is who can give you strength at last.
爱情是灯，友情是影子，当灯灭了，你会发现你的周围都是影子。朋友，是在最后可以给你力量的人。
When the words 'I love you' were said by you for the first time, my world blossoms.
第一次听到你对我说'我爱你'，我的世界一瞬间鲜花绽开。
Tell me you are mine. I'll be yours through all the years, till the end of time.
请告诉我你是我的。岁岁年年，我都属于你，永远永远。
My kiss will give peace now ,And quiet to your heart. Sleep on in peace now ,O Your unquiet and heart.
我的吻会给你的心带来平静与安宁，现在安心入眠吧！你这颗不安的心！
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one, so that when we finally meet the person, we will know how to be grateful.
在遇到真命天子之前，上天也许会安排我们先错误地遇到其他一些人，所以当我们终于遇见心仪的人时，我们便能够心存感激。
If the whole world betrays you, I’m gonna betray the whole world for you.
如果全世界背叛了你，我愿为你背叛全世界。
I wish I could be strong enough to protect those I care for.
我希望我强大起来，可以保护那些我在乎的人。
Ability is what you're capable of doing.Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
能力决定了你能做什么；动机决定了你要做什么；态度决定了你会做成什么样。
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
我们不能计划生活，我们只能为生活做好准备。
Life is like a story, important is not how long, but how wonderful content.
人生如同故事，重要的并不是有多长，而是内容有多么精彩。
A girl needs to wear two things to look great : Confidence and Smile !
随身带着这两样东西的女生看起来都会很棒：自信和微笑。
Do you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret, waiting to die alone?
难道你不想冒一次险么？难道你想等你老了，再后悔莫及孤老而终么？
There is no rehearsal in the life , once missing , it will be lost forever.
世界上没有破镜重圆之说，一旦失去，就意味着永远失去.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for
事实是，每个人都可能会伤害到你。但你可以选择值得受伤的人。
You are the reason why I became stronger.But still，you are my weakness.
因为你，我懂得了成长，可你，依旧是我的伤。
Long song when the cry, for those who are unable to fulfill the promise of the deepest love in life, and finally scattered clouds.
长歌当哭，为那些无法兑现的诺言，为生命中最深的爱恋，终散作云烟。
Bustling sad end to the past, do not despair, mundane to the most beautiful soul-stirring.
那些繁华哀伤终成过往，请不要失望，平凡是为了最美的荡气回肠。
Looking at the white dragonflies, forgot to move forward in the air, but also can not be re-woven torrent of memories in the mind.
看着那白色的蜻蜓，在空中忘了前进，还能不能重新编织，脑海中起毛球的记忆。
You play Chopin's Nocturne, commemorate the deceased love, and I incognito as you play the piano, in the moonlight.
为你弹奏萧邦的夜曲，纪念我死去的爱情，而我为你隐姓埋名，在月光下弹琴。
Only reincarnation continues to turn, Shen month Coorong vegetation. Who said: The time is still, is our flies.
只有轮回继续转，日升月沉草木枯荣。是谁说过：时间仍在，是我们在飞逝。
Emotions keep stopping the memories playing blind pursuit of still empty, the gray sleep at night and I do not know hid where to go, I know it loneliness lying beside me.
思绪不断阻挡着回忆播放，盲目的追寻仍然空空荡荡，灰蒙蒙的夜晚睡意又不知躲到哪去，一转身孤单已躺在身旁。
Long Yuet Chaoyang, the mellow light projected to the world, is the purest sea of history with the fullness of a drop of water.
朗月朝阳般，向世间投射出圆润的光芒，我们便是历史的大海中最纯粹与丰满的一滴水珠。
People often short-lived as a metaphor for the rare things quickly disappeared.
人们常用昙花一现来比喻稀有罕见的事物出现一下就迅速销声匿迹了。
Some time, precisely in order to love quietly escape escape the figure, it is immune to the feelings quietly share.
有些的时候，正是为了爱才悄悄躲开躲开的是身影，躲不开的却是那份默默的情怀。
Some beautiful lie so you do not have the heart to debunk So, I would prefer to do a stupid fool, do not want done smart wise.
有些谎言美丽得让你不忍心揭穿，所以，我宁愿做一个糊涂的傻瓜，也不愿做过精明的智者。
Is there such a person, you countless times about her to give up, but in the end still reluctant.
有没有这么一个人，你无数次说着要放弃，但终究还是舍不得。
Why the time of heartache, but still unrepentant want to continue just a little bit can not be reconciled, they will become so greedy.
为什么一次次的心痛，却还是不知悔改的想继续，只是一点点的不甘心，竟变得这么贪心。
Moonlight, moonlight, the spectrum of one after another exciting and moving melody, as if in the Moonlight, narcissism, self-enjoyment.
月光，月光，谱出一曲曲扣人心弦的动人旋律，犹如此时在月光曲中，自我陶醉，自我享受。
World nothing can be eternal. If it flows, it flows away; if it is kept with it dry; if it grows, it slowly dying.
世界上没有任何东西可以永恒。如果它流动，它就流走；如果它存著，它就干涸；如果它生长，它就慢慢凋零。
Bringing a luminous hidden hint of sad thoughts, we can see the moon tonight is not so bright, it is no wonder that there are dark and light in my room.
皎洁的夜光隐藏着一丝忧愁的思绪，可见今晚的月光不是那么明亮，难怪有黯光入我室。
containers require barriers to ensure a long shelf life. Such barriers typically are created using glass, metal or polymers, with liners or multi-layers. Co-injection technology is a revolutionary alternative. http://t.cn/zj61lOd
食物和饮料容器需要一定的阻隔保护来确保较长的储藏期。这样的阻隔功能常用的材料是带有里衬和多层的玻璃、金属和聚合物。共注技术是比这些传统包装方式而言较为革新的方法。 http://t.cn/zj61lOeFood
Looks bigger than my apartment! Anyone else’s apartment smaller than this truck?
看起来比我的公寓大！[悲伤] 其他的人公寓比这个卡车小吗
You might as well ask me to describe the ladies whose heads of hair I have got in sacks downstairs.
你如果要我给你说说我楼下那些口袋里的头发是从什么女人头上剪下来的,那倒好办一些
Not like I should really be talking. Maroon5 ain't the best name either. Band names are useless.
并不是说我在这方面最有发言权。Maroon5也不是最好的乐队名字。乐队名字并没有多大意义
you don't behave selflessly today, you could wreak havoc without realizing it.
如果你今天不表现的无私一点，大灾难会在你没有意识到的时候降临的
Travel#We remember the happiness in the past; the harsh winter also has its pleasure.
我们回忆着快乐无忧的往年,人生的乐趣也在严酷的冬天
I'm afraid I have no alternative but to report you to the police.
恐怕除了向警方告发你以外, 我是别无选择了
This warm weather should thaw the ice on the road very quickly.
这样暖和的天气可以使路上的冰很快地融化
So the poor kept each other alive in the depression years.
穷人们就是这样在大萧条的岁月里相依为命的
Your willingness to go the extra mile to find the right word shows you are a good translator.
为了寻找更准确的字，你愿意走远点，说明你是个好翻译。
Love a person than a person easily, such as a meaningful than the love of a man, if you choose to love yourself, that just because you're so vulnerable.
爱一个人比等一个人容易，等一个人比爱一个人有意义，如果你选择了爱自己，那只是因为你如此的不堪一击。
Moments we never waved goodbye, but we will eventually escape the fate of the gear, love is buried in reality.
的时光我们不曾挥手告别，但我们终就逃不过命运的齿轮，爱被埋葬在现实中。
Not called into the distance, are called not go back, do not look back called parting.
到不了的都叫做远方，回不去的都叫做过去，不回头的都叫做别离。
Lost myself in order to make their future better recognize the road ahead.
迷失了自己一次，是为了让自己以后更好认清前方的路。
The size of the value of life is measured by the size of the contribution to society.
人生价值的大小是按人们对社会贡献的大小来衡量的。
You can see, is really the most I, an endless moved, touched this world you and I the most beautiful existence.
你看到的，就是最真的我，一种永无止尽的感动，感动这世界有你与我这最美的存在。
Go most urgent, is the most beautiful scenery; hurt the most are always the most real emotions.
走得最急的，都是最美的风景；伤得最深的，也总是那些最真的感情。
Life always has many things to bring you down.But,what can really bring you down is when you don’t manage your attitude.
生命中有很多事情足以把你打倒，但真正能把你打倒的是你的心态。
Cherish every moment with those you love at every stage of your journey.
人生的每个阶段，都要珍惜和所爱的人在一起的每一刻。
I'd rather live my life knowing that I'm not perfect, than spending my whole life pretending to be.
我宁愿坦然地，不完美的过一辈子，也不要一辈子都假装自己很完美。
Building relationship between individuals is like knitting a sweater.It is established needle by needle carefully and it's time-consuming.But it'd be broken up with only slight pull.
个人之间的感情就像织毛衣，建立的时候一针一线，小心而漫长，拆除的时候只要轻轻一拉。
Happiness is not about being immortal nor having food or rights inone's hand. It’s about having each tiny wish come true, or havingsomething to eat when you are hungry or having someone's love when youneed love.
幸福，不是长生不老，不是大鱼大肉，不是权倾朝野。幸福是每一个微小的生活愿望达成。当你想吃的时候有得吃，想被爱的时候有人来爱你。
Both happiness and pain are wealth in life.It'd be better to face it with courage rather than escape negatively.
快乐和痛苦都是人生的财富，与其消极的逃避，不如勇敢一些面对，其实能够回忆也是一种幸福。
Every morning when I get up,seeing you and the sunshine,that's the future I want.
每天早上睁开眼睛，看到你和阳光都在，这就是我想要的未来。
Don't make promise when you're in joy. Don't reply when you're sad.Don't take decisions when you're angry. Think twice,act wise.
别在喜悦时许诺，别在忧伤时回答，别在愤怒时做决定。三思而后行。
Since you have aimed at one way to go,why are you asking how long does it take?
既然认准一条道路，何必去打听要走多久。
In fact, the happiest fairy tale is no more than the simple days we have together.
其实全世界最幸福的童话，不过是一起度过柴米油盐的岁月。
Some people were supposed to walk into your life, teach you a lesson, and then walk away.
很多人闯进你的生活，只是为了给你上一课，然后转身离开
A life without a friend is a life without a sun.
人生在世无朋友，犹如生活无太阳。
A life without a purpose is a ship without a rudder.
人生无目的，犹如船失去了舵。
You can’t make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it’s no longer a mistake. It’s a choice.
一个人不可能犯同样的错误两次。第二次还这样做，已经不再是犯错，那是你的选择。
Although we fight,we bicker,delight or even anger,you are my best friend forever in my heart.
吵架也好，斗嘴也好，开心也好，出气也好，你永远是我心中最好的死党。
Sometimes, I wish I can walk through timely, and meet the back was still a child
有时候，真希望自己可以适时的穿越回去，去见见那个还是个小孩子的自己
If a girl is silent, it’s dangerous...She’ either:1. over thinking 2. tired of waiting 3. about to blow up 4. needs a hug 5. falling apart 6. crying inside 7. all of the above.
如果一个女孩沉默了，是很危险的。。她可能:1. 想多了 2. 厌倦了等待 3. 要爆炸了 4. 需要拥抱 5. 崩溃了 6. 心在哭泣 7.以上全部
A woman, especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
一个女人要是不幸聪明得什么都懂，那就必须同时懂得怎么伪装成什么都不懂。
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
治愈情伤最好的药就是友谊带来的安慰。
Smiles are like band-aids. They cover up the pain but it still hurts.
微笑就像创可贴。虽然掩饰住了伤口，但是心痛依然。
If a person really wants to see you they will make a way and nothing in the world would stop them.
如果一个人真想见你，他总能找到办法，全世界都阻挡不了他。
Everyone of the people who says she or he does'n want to be in love .There must be someone without possibility in their hearts.
每个嘴里说不想恋爱的人，心里都装着一个无法拥有的人。
A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for many things, but will stick around.
如果一个女人真的爱你，她会因为很多事情对你发脾气，却始终坚守在你身边。
I wish I could find someone who would feel my pain even though I'm saying OK with a smile.
我希望找到这样一个人，即使我微笑着说“我还好”的时候，他也能察觉得到我的痛苦。
To love someone is very simple actually.Although he makes you cry and disappoints you,you will still can't help holding his hand wherever he is.
爱一个人，其实很简单。他让你流泪，让你失望，尽管这样，他站在那里，你还是会走过去牵他的手，不由自主。
Just because I don't cry, doesn't mean my heart won't. Just because I come off strong doesn't mean there's nothing wrong.
我不哭，并不代表我的心里没有流泪。我坚强，并不代表什么事都没有发生。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
没人能回头重新来过，但谁都可以从现在起书写一个不同的结局。
Men heap together the mistakes of mistakes of their lives, and creat a monster they call destiny.
人们将生命中的错误聚集到一起，创造出一个恶魔，叫命运。
Use one word to describe your feeling if you were standing right there.
如果是你站在这里、请用一个词形容下你的感觉
It will be a very easy busy coming days. I enjoy it. Come on
将是一轮轻松超忙的日子，我喜欢，加油！
The air status is described as “Bad”, so should we go outside today?
空气状况写的是"糟糕"，那今天该出不出门呢?
Which band are you most excited to see on The Outlaw Roadshow this weekend?"
本周末你最想在The Outlaw路演上看到哪个乐队的演出呢
Devon Sawa, you are such a doll. You know how to make a dog lovers day :)
Devon Sawa，你真的好贴心。你知道如何让像我一样的爱狗人士开心:)
Water table is a surface on which the pressure is atmospheric.
潜水面是一个其表面上压力等于大气压力的面
your circle of conversational partners today -- try to talk to someone new.
今天，把自己的谈话圈子扩大一些——试着与新人交谈。
Member states will put in place a framework for a far-reaching Secretariat and management reform, which must be followed up and implemented.
各成员国将要建立一个体制，进行意义广泛的秘书处改革与管理改革。必须有后续行动，贯彻落实。
I don't think that when people grow up, they will become morebroad-minded and can accept everything.
我不觉得人的心智成熟是越来越宽容涵盖，什么都可以接受。
Conversely, I think it's aselecting process, knowing what's the most important and what's the least.
相反，我觉得那应该是一个逐渐剔除的过程，知道自己最重要的是什么，知道不重要的东西是什么。
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
行动不一定带来幸福，不行动就肯定没有幸福。
Being in a relationship isn't about kissing, dating or showing off. It's about being with the person that makes you happy
爱情不是亲吻，约会或是向人炫耀，而是要牵手一个能带给你快乐的人。
Instead of complaining that the rosebush is full of thorns, be happy that the thorn bush has roses.
与其抱怨玫瑰丛长满了刺，还不如感激刺丛里竟生出了玫瑰。
when you keep a window to the past open too long, the present can start to get a little chilly.
当回首往昔的窗子开的太久，寒意就会开始侵袭现在的时光。
Good relationship don't just happen..They take time, patience and two people who want to be together.
好的感情不是被碰巧撞到的。它需要时间经营，耐心包容，还有两个人真心想要在一起的人。
A bad custom is like a good cake, better broken than kept.
坏习惯像鲜馅饼，分食要比保存好。
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
双鸟在林不如一鸟在手。
A bird is known by its note, and a man by his talk.
闻其歌知其鸟，听其言知其人。
A bit in the morning is better than nothing all day.
略有胜于全无。
A blind man who leans against a wall imagines that it's the boundary of the world.
坐井观天。
A book is the same today as it always was and it will never change.
一本好书今天如此，将来也如此，永不改变。
A covetous man is good to none but worse to himself.
贪婪的人对别人毫无好处，对自己却坏处更大。
A dog will not howl if you beat him with a bone.
骨头打狗狗不叫。
A father is a treasure, a brother is a comfort, but a friend is both.
父亲是财富，兄弟是安慰，朋友兼而有之。
A fool attempting to be witty is an object of profoundest pity.
蠢人装聪明，实在最可怜。
A fool can ask more questions than seven wise men can answer.
一愚发问，七智结舌。
A fool may ask more questions in an hour than a wise man can answer in seven years.
愚者所问，智者难答。
A fool may throw a stone into a well which a hundred wise men cannot pull out.
一愚所失，百智难回。
A fool knows more in his own house than a wise man in another.
一个蠢材在他自己家里所知的事比一个聪明人在别人家里所知的事要多。
A friend in court is better than a penny in purse.
曩中有钱，不如朝中有友。
A good book is a best friend who never turns his back upon us.
一本好书，莫逆之交。
Today is your day to relax and let us take care of you. Happy Mother's Day.
今天是您休息的日子，让我们来照顾您。母亲节快乐。
We will try to make this your best Mother's Day ever.
我们将努力使今天成为您过得最愉快的母亲节。
On this day we all sit back and think about how much our mothers do for us.
在这一天，我们将会抽空休息一下，想想妈妈们帮我们做了多少事。
I've tried many times to tell you, but I'll say it again: I love you mother.
我已经告诉您许多次了，但是我将再说一次：我爱您，妈妈。
Though it is hard to tell you sometimes, I do love you dearly, mom.
虽然有时要告诉您并不太容易，但是我真的非常爱您，妈妈。
A good head and an industrious hand are worth gold in any land.
聪明脑袋勤劳手，走遍天下贵如金。
A good healthy body is worth more a crown in gold.
健康的身体贵于黄金铸成的皇冠。
A good neighbour is better than a bother in the next village.
远亲不如近邻。
A good surgeon must have an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand.
出色的外科医生必须心明眼亮和有一双灵巧的手。
A good tale is none the worse for being twice told.
好故事百听不厌。
A joke never gains an enemy but often loses a friend.
开玩笑总不能化敌为友，反而有时会失去朋友。
A journey of a thousand miles begains with a single step.
千里之行，始于足下。
A lamb is as dear to a poor man as an ox to the rich.
穷人的一只羔羊比富人的一头牛还要珍贵。
a man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。
a man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。
it's great to be great , but it's greater to be human.
成为伟人固然伟大，但成为真正的人更加伟大。
we must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。
one's real value first lies in to what degree and what sense he set himself.
一个人的真正价值首先决定于他在什么程度上和在什么意义上从自我解放出来。
Roses are red, violets are blue. This card on Mother's Day is especially for you.
玫瑰是红色的，紫罗兰是蓝色的。这张母亲卡是特别给您的。
We may not be angels all of the time, but we do appreciate what you do.
我们也许不是一直都像天使那样乖巧，但我们确实感谢您的教诲。
Here's a little token of my appreciation for all that you have done for me over the years.
这是我一点小小的心意，感谢您这么多年来所付出的一切。
Sometimes it may not seem like it, but I really do love you.
有时候好像不是这样，但是我真的爱您。
There may be moms all over the world, but you're the only one that matters to me.
全世界也许到处都有妈妈，但您是我惟一最在意的。
Moms should get more than a special day, they should get a medal of honor.
妈妈们应该得到的不只是一个节日，她们该获得荣誉勋章。
Mother's Day is a time when mothers discover how well their children can prepar e breakfast.
母亲节是妈妈们发现她们的小孩会把早餐做得很好的时刻。
Considering the quality of food that children make their mothers on Mother's Day, it becomes apparent that without moms, their kids would starve to death.
想想母亲节时，孩子们为妈妈所做的早餐；很明显的，如果没有妈妈，孩子们将会饿死。
We would love to fix breakfast for you mom, but we think it would be safer for us all if we took you out.
妈妈，我们很乐意为您准备早餐，不过我们想，如果带您上馆子，会比较保险一点。
This card is to let you know that you have done a super job raising us children.
这张卡片是想告诉您，在教养子女方面，您做得棒极了。
This is the day that we appreciate all the things that moms do for us. Thank you .
在这个日子里，我们感谢妈妈为我们所做的一切。谢谢您。
I'm sorry. I know it's my fault, but it's just really hard to put my pride aside and admit that to you。
对不起。我知道是我的错，但我真的很难在你面前放下骄傲承认错误。
I'm only jealous because I love you and I wish you could understand this and could be okay with me loving you as much as I do while still embracing my flaws.
我之所以醋意大发，只是因为我爱你。我希望你能理解，希望你能接受我这肆无忌惮的爱，希望你能包容我的缺点。
I need you to give me attention. It's just so juvenile and petty to ask for。
我需要你的关注，虽然这样的要求是那么孩子气、那么小气。
I am embarrassed of the way my stomach rolls when I slouch.
我讨厌坐下去时腰上的小肉肉，我讨厌自己放屁。
I am embarrassed of the fact that I fart and that I've made so many mistakes. Why? Who knows.
我还讨厌自己毛毛躁躁总是犯错。为什么？反正我也搞不懂！
It's silly because as an intelligent, functioning person I should know that these things are normal, human and nothing to be judged for.
虽然作为一个智力正常的人，我也知道这些都不值得大惊小怪；
But it's because I care about you and I want you to see me in the best way possible。
但是，我是这样在乎你，多么希望你看到的我总是最好的啊！
I just want to know if you actually love me or if you make excuses because you don't but also don't want to hurt my feelings。
我只想知道你是不是真的爱我，或者你并不爱我，不停找借口只是因为不想伤害我？
If you can't figure this one out on your own, don't get even angrier when I try to help you.
要是你自己都发现不了这些缺点，那就不要烦我给你指出来。
Honesty is vital to this and there are only a few people who will love you enough to risk you getting mad at them for them to tell you something that's crucial to your development.
要知道，彼此坦诚非常重要。只有非常非常爱你的人，才会不惜惹怒你也要纠正你的不足。
I just wasn't that into you. We had a great time.
我其实并不那么爱你。
I did my girl thing for a while where I got ahead of myself and dreamt up what our babies would look like but then decided I didn't want them or you.
的确，我们曾经很开心。我也曾像所有小女人一样幻想过我们的孩子如何如何。但是，我发现自己不想要孩子，甚至你。
Because when you tell me that you're just not into me, I associate that with meaning I'm a worthless, unintelligent, undeserving, unattractive human being。
因为你说你不是很喜欢我，我觉得自己是个一无是处、不值得爱、笨拙又不讨喜的人。
You know and I know. I just don't have the balls to do something about it.
我们都心知肚明，是吧？我是女人，总得矜持一点；
You, however, do, literally have the testicles, so if you would step up to the plate this once that would be great.
但你可是男子汉，只要这次能主动一点，一切都会好起来。
But because I'm admitting that this is a weakness of mine and I need a little help to get the ball rolling。
而是我实在放不开——所以，请你先主动一点吧！
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
时间比金钱有价值多了，你能有更多的钱，却不能有更多的时间。
If you want to know what God thinks about money, just look at the people He gives it to.
如果你想知道上帝对钱的看法，只要去看看那些他给了钱的人就知道了。
Money will buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail.
有钱就能买只可爱的狗，但是有爱才能让它对你摇尾巴。
Money is not the most important thing in the world. Love is. Fortunately, I love money.
钱可不是世界上最重要的，世界上最重要的是爱。幸运的是：我爱钱。
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
如果你想知道钱的价值，就试试去借钱吧。
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.
最安全的让钱翻倍的方法就是把它折起来，放在口袋里。
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.
银行就是只有你能证明不是真的需要钱，它才会借给你钱的地方。
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like.
太多的人花费他们还没有挣到的钱，去买他们不想要的东西，来取悦他们不喜欢的人。
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines
鹰翔九天，但是鼬鼠从不会卷入飞机引擎。
Inside every older person is a younger person wondering, "What the hell happened?"
每个老年人心里都会有一个年轻人在问：“怎么会发生这档子破事？”
Just remember -- if the world didn't suck, we would all fall off.
只需记住——假如这个世界不是一张网，我们都会掉落。
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
光速快于音速。这就是为什么你在听到他人的发言后才会意识到他们的存在。
Life isn't like a box of chocolates. It's more like a jar of jalapenos.
生活并不太像一盒巧克力。它更像一罐墨西哥辣椒。
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
问心无愧也许是坏记性的表现。
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.
假如你认为没有人关心你，试试拖欠一下应付款。
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
当所有东西都朝你运动而来，那说明你走错了道。
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
勤奋工作会在远期得到回报，而懒惰现期就会有所收获。
42.7 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot.
百分之四十二点七的数据是现场编造的。
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.
早起的鸟儿或许有虫吃，不过第二只老鼠才会得到夹子中的奶酪。
A teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron。
一个不能激发学生学习欲望的老师只是一个铁皮匠人。
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops。
老师的影响是永恒的，他永远也不知道这影响到何处为止。
A good teacher is a master of simplification and an enemy of simplism。
好的老师会把复杂的问题变简单，但从不会简化问题。
What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches。
言传不如身教。
The student is a bank where you can deposit your most precious treasures。
学生就像银行，你可以存入你最宝贵的东西。
Teaching is like cultivating a garden, and those who would have nothing to do with thorns must never attempt to gather flowers.
教学就像栽培植物，对刺无计可施的园丁也培育不出花。
why is the libray the highest building? key:it has the most stories.
为什么图书馆是最高的建筑？答案：因为它有所有的楼层。
Broader grins and wrinkles around the eyes reflect an underlying positive outlook on life that translates into better long-term health, the researchers believe。
大大的笑容和眼周深深的皱纹反应了你对生活潜在的态度，这种态度让你过一个长久健康的生活。
Bing single means that you are strong enough and patient to wait for the one who deseres you.
单身意味着你足够坚强，有足够的耐心去等待值得拥有你的那个人。
When I become your heartbeat,you maybe only are capable to do ding-dang believing that i love you.
当我成为你的心跳时，也许你会相信我爱你。
If you do not leave me, I will be by your side until the end.
你若不离不弃，我必生死相依。
Sometimes, to get what you want the most, you have to do what you want the least.
有时候，要得到你最想要的东西，你得做你最不想干的事情。
Some things, no matter how hard we try, can not go back to just can't go back.
有些事，不管我们如何努力，回不去就是回不去了。
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence.
爱是永恒的，外表可能改变，但本质永远不变。
Love needs no proof, all it needs is a hand to hold in difficult times.
爱不需要证据，需要的只是一双在难熬的时候可以握住的手。
Doing the best at this moment puts in the best place for the next moment.
这一刻全力以赴，下一刻成就最佳 。
Worrying never stops the bad stuff from happening. It just keeps you from enjoying the good.
忧虑并不能阻止不好的事情发生，它只能阻止你享受生活中的美好！
Even if you get no applause, you should accept a curtain call gracefully and appreciate your own efforts.
即使没有人为你鼓掌，也要优雅的谢幕，感谢自己的认真付出。
Nobody looks down upon you for nobody simply glances at you. They are all quite busy.
没有人瞧不起你，因为别人根本就没有瞧你，大家都很忙的。
You the wise, tell me, why should our days leave us, never to return?
聪明的你，告诉我，为什么我们的日子总是离我们远去，却不再回头？
Everyone has a story left untold, so never start judging someone.
每个人都有不为人知的故事，不要轻易对别人品头论足。
When you start to care about things that you didn't care about before, that's what we call growing up.
所谓长大，就是你开始在乎以前你不在乎的事情了。
Sometimes, the harder you want to forget something, the more you seem to remember it.
有时候，似乎你越想忘记，记忆却越深刻。
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
未来属于那些相信梦想之美的人。
There is only one person who can define success in your life —— and that's you.
只有一个人能界定你一生的成就， 那就是你自己。
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
聪明就像是内衣，你得穿上，这很重要，但你炫耀，就没必要。
Sometimes a winner is just a dreamer that never gives up.
有时候，成功者只是一个永不放弃的追梦者。
What will matter is not what you got, but what you gave. What will matter is not how many people you knew ,but how many will feel a lasting loss when you are gone.
重要的不是你得到了什么，而是你给予了什么。重要的不是你认识多少人，而是在你离开后，多少人会认为是个永远的损失。
I want to be independent. I want my freedom.And maybe if you want that, you really need to be strong.
我希望能够独立！我想要我得自由！也许如果你想要这些，那么你真的需要坚强。
The key for happiness is not to find a perfect person, but find someone and build a perfect relationship with him.
幸福的关键不在于找到一个完美的人，而在找到一个人，然后和他一起努力建立一个完美的关系。
Explained so much, but it’s like I am blaming that you don’t understand.
解释得太多就像我在怪你不懂我。
Never let one bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
绝对不要让糟糕的一天变成倒霉的一生。
Love is not about running into each other in crowds. Love is an impossible meeting.
缘分不是人海中两个人的擦身，缘分是不可能的相遇。
For example, I am a bird flying in sky, you r a leopard in forest. We just fall in love accidentally.
比如我是空中的鸟你是林中的豹，我们碰巧相爱。
Even in the darkest of hours there is hope. You may have to look long and hard but its there.
即使在最黑暗的时候，希望依然是存在的，它也许很遥远，不太清晰，但它就在那里。
About the past, about you, to end. About the future, about me, please look!
关于过去，关于你，告一段落。关于未来，关于我，敬请期待。
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
你越了解你自己，知道自己想要什么，就越不会被那些事情阻碍到。
No matter when U start, you do not stop after starting.
不论什么时候开始，重要的是开始之后就不要停止。
No matter when U end, you do not regret after ended.
不论什么时候结束，重要的是结束之后就不要悔恨。
In the end, the only thing you really own is your story.
最终，你真正拥有的不过只是你自己的故事。
Evaluating your past is the best learning you can do. There's no better lesson than failures you did in the past.
最好的学习是对过去的反思，最好的教训是你曾经历过的失败。
Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good.
不要再紧抓着伤痛不放，这样才能为好心情留出空间。
If you want something, don't wish for it. Life is too short to wait.
你若想要得到，就别只是期望。人生短暂，经不起等待。
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting on your dreams wrinkles the soul.
岁月使身体长出了皱纹，而放弃梦想则会使灵魂生出皱纹。
If you were a cactus, I’d endure all the pain just to hug you.
假如你是一个仙人掌，我也愿意忍受所有的痛来抱着你。
I’m convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did.
我确信我热爱自己所做的事情，这就是这些年来支持我继续走下去的唯一理由。
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure!
为了赢得成功，你对成功的欲望必须超过你对失败的恐惧。
If you asked me, I would go back to any day in the past. Not to fix my regrets, but to relive all our unforgettable memories.
如果你问我，我会想要回到过去的任何一天。不为追悔，只为重温我们难忘的回忆。
It isn’t what you have in your pocket that makes you thankful, but what you have in your heart.
令你感恩的，不是你口袋裡的，而是在你心中的。
You know my soul，you know everything about me ，there’s to know you know my heart，how to make me stop & how to make me go，you should know i love everything about you.
你了解我的灵魂你知道我的一切你听见我的心声何时该让我停止何时放手让我前进你应该知道我爱你的一切。
“One of life’s gifts is that each of us, no matter how tired and downtrodden, finds reasons for thankfulness.”
"生命赋予我们每个人能力，无论多麽疲倦或被践踏过，我们都可以找到感恩的理由。”
“Thankfulneis the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulnemay consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.”
"感恩始于感谢之心，谢意正好完成了感恩。感恩也许只是一堆言语文字，感谢却要以行动去表逹。”
Gratitude is the inward feeling of kindnereceived. Thankfulneis the natural impulse to exprethat feeling. Thanksgiving is the following of that impulse.
谢意是受到恩惠后的内心感觉，感恩是渴望表达这感觉的自然反应，感恩节就是为这反应要生的。
Difficulties are opportunities to better things; they are stepping stones to greater experience. When one door closes, another always opens.
困难是好景的机遇，是重任的垫脚石。当一扇门关闭时，一定会有另一扇门打开。
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
培养感恩之心，答谢身边所有。这样的话，每一步都会是迈向更佳未来的一步。
Stray birds of summer come to my window to sing and fly away.And yellow leaves of autumn, which have no songs, flutter and fall there with a sign.
秋天的黄叶，它们没有什么可唱，只叹息一声，飞落在那里。
I don't need a big flat,much beautiful presents or pale loving words,I just need you.
我并不需要一个大大的公寓，许多精美的礼物或者是苍白的甜言蜜语。我只需要你。
Why am I so afraid to lose you when you are not even mine?
为什么我还是如此的担心你，即使你都已经不是我的？
Past is a nice place to visit but certainly not a good place to stay.
过去适宜回味，却不宜留恋。
Be yourself, don't change for anyone. If they don't like you at your worst, then they don't deserve you at your best.
勇敢的做自己，不要为任何人而改变。如果他们不能接受最差的你，也不配拥有最好的你。
The so-called happiness, it is a persistent in the plain living and persistence.
所谓的幸福，就是在平淡生活里的那一份执着和坚守。
if you know how to cherish, you'll find out you get more and more, if you pursue, you'll find out you lose faster.
如果你懂得珍惜，你会发现你获得的越来越多，如果你一昧追求，你会发现你失去的越来越快。
Don't live in someone else's mouth, don't live in someone else's eyes, but with the destiny in their own hands.
不要活在别人的嘴里，不要活在别人的眼里，而是把命运握在自己手里。
You can fake a smile, but you can't fake your feelings.
你可以强颜欢笑，但你无法欺骗自己。
I truly respect the people who stay strong even when they have every right to break down.
我真的尊重那些即使完全有理由崩溃却依然坚强的人。
Self-respect comes from being true to who you really are and from acting in accordance with your fundamental nature.
自尊源自真诚面对自己，自尊源自按自己的本性行事。
I know you like this song most and I know what you are thinking about ,too, I miyou .
我知道你最喜欢这首歌，我也知道你的心思，我想你。
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't trying。
无论你犯了多少错，或者你进步得有多慢，你都走在了那些不曾尝试的人的前面。
If you are passionate about something, pursue it, no matter what anyone else thinks. That's how dreams are achieved。
如果你想要什么，那就勇敢地去追求，不要管别人是怎么想的，因为这就是实现梦想的方式。
The world is such small,it's like when you turn around,you don't know who you will see. The world is so big,as if when you turn around,you never know who will disappear.
世界真的很小，好像一转身，就不知道会遇见谁；世界真的很大，好像一转身，就不知道谁会消失。
One law in friendship: Never make your friend feel lonely,so disturb them as much as you can.
友谊法则第一条：永远不要让你的朋友感到孤单，所以啊，有事儿没事儿放心大胆去烦烦他们。
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, burned, and broken, but it still works.
我为自己的心感到骄傲。它曾受戏弄，曾经心焦，曾遭破碎，却依然鲜活跳动。
When the whole world is about to rain, let’s make it clear in our heart together.
当全世界约好一起下雨，让我们约好一起在心里放晴。
I will wait for you until I have no more reason to wait anymore.
我会一直等你，直到没有再等下去的理由。
I suddenly want to forget you, just like I didn't meet you.
我突然很想忘了你，就像从未遇见你。
Life isn't always perfect. Life isn't always easy. Life doesn't always make sense. But that's the beauty of life.
生活不总是完美无缺，轻而易举或者合情合理。但这就是生活的美好之所在。
Sometimes you have to do what's best for yourself, no matter what anybody else thinks.
有时候，你得做自己最应该做的事情，不管别人怎么想。
Things change, people come and go，you can't help that. Fall in love and fall out of love. It's a part of life.
一切都会变，人来人往，你无能为力。爱上一个人然后再忘掉一个人，生活就是这样。
Never stop smiling, not even when youre sad, someone might fall in love with your smile.
永远都不要停止微笑，即使是在你难过的时候，说不定有人会因为你的笑容而爱上你。
Maybe God wants you to meet many wrong jpeople before you meet the right one, so when this happens, youll be thankful.
也许上帝让你在遇见那个合适的人之前遇见很多错误的人，所以，当这一切发生的时候，你应该心存感激。
Stars are shining.May Santa Claus come to you with joys and happiness.
星光闪烁，圣诞老人来到你的床前，将欢乐与祝福，洒满你的房间。
It’s okay。 If you’ve ever cried on the shoulder of a friend, you know how good it feels to have someone remind you that everything is going to be just fine。
没事。 如果你曾倚着朋友的肩膀哭过，你就能体会有人告诉你“一起都会好起来”时的感觉。
On this Christmas I have but one thing to say: I love you.
值此圣诞佳节，我只有一句话要告诉你：我爱你。
It seems that Christmas time is here once again, and it is time again to bring in the New Year. We wish you happiness and prosperity.
圣诞节转眼又到，又该迎接新的一年了。我们向你及你的亲人们致以最美好的圣诞祝福，愿事业兴旺，幸福美满！
None is of freedom or of life deserving unless he daily conquers it anew.——Erasmus
只有每天再度战胜生活并夺取自由的人，才配享受生活的自由。
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity. So let us seize it, not in fear, but in gladness.——R.M. Nixon
命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。因此，让我们毫无畏惧，满心愉 悦地把握命运。——尼克松
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.——John Ruskin
生活没有目标，犹如航海没有罗盘。-- 罗斯金
Towering genius disdains a beaten path. It seeks regions hitherto unexplored.——Lincoln
卓越的天才不屑走旁人走过的路。他寻找迄今未开拓的地区。
There is no such thing as a great talent without great will - power.——Balzac
没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。——巴尔扎克
Fear not that the life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning.——J.H. Newman
不要害怕你的生活将要结束，应该担心你的生活永远不会真正开始。——纽曼
An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding.——Robert Louis Stevenson
生活的目标，是唯一值得寻找的财富。-- 史蒂文森
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.——A. Einstein
不要为成功而努力，要为做一个有价值的人而努力。——爱因斯坦
You have to believe in yourself. That's the secret of success.——Charles Chaplin
人必须有自信，这是成功的秘密。——卓别林
Pursue your object, be it what it will, steadily and indefatigably.
不管追求什么目标，都应坚持不懈。
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.——Mattin Luther King
我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。——马丁·路德·金
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is below even defeat, and is born vanquished.——Swetchine
只有强者才懂得斗争；弱者甚至失败都不够资格，而是生来就是被征服的。——斯威特切尼
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for circumstances they want, and if they cannot find them, make them.——Bernara Shaw
在这个世界上取得成就的人，都努力去寻找他们想要的机会，如果找不到机会， 他们便自己创造机会。——萧伯纳
A strong man will struggle with the storms of fate.——Thomas Addison
强者能同命运的风暴抗争。——爱迪生
The failures and reverses which await men - and one after another sadden the brow of youth - add a dignity to the prospect of human life, which no Arcadian success would do.——Henry David Thoreau
尽管失败和挫折等待着人们，一次次地夺走青春的容颜，但却给人生的前景增添了一份尊严，这是任何顺利的成功都不能做到的。——梭罗
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
一个人可以失败很多次，但是只要他没有开始责怪旁人，他还不是一个失败者。
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize.
有的东西比才能稀罕得多，珍贵得多，这就是识别的能力。
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have.
事越做越能，人越忙越有空。
A man, like a watch, is to be valued by this manner of going.
一个人，正如一个时钟，是以他的行动来定其价值的。
All happy families are like one another; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
所有幸福的家庭都相似，而每个不幸的家庭各不同。
Friendship is both a source of pleasure and a component of good health.
友谊既是快乐之源泉，又是健康之要素。
A man is called selfish, not pursuing his own good, but neglecting his neighbour's.
追求自身的利益，不是自私；只有忽视他人的利益，才是自私。
People need to know one another to be at their honest best.
人们需要相互了解才能达到最诚实的境界。
The tragedy of the world is that those who are imaginative have but slight experience, and those who are experienced have feeble imagination.
世界的悲剧就在于有想象力的人缺乏经验，而有经验的人缺乏想象力。
The way to win an atomic war is to make certain it never starts.
赢得核战争的方法是确保它永远不会发生。
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.
经验是当你没得到想得到之物时所得到的东西。
If you don't learn to think when you are young, you may never learn.
如果你年轻时没有学会思考，那就永远学不会思考。
Experience more than sufficiently teaches that men govern nothing with more difficult than their tongues.
经验给了我们太多的教训，告诉我们人类最难管制的东西，莫过于自己的舌头。
Whoever is in a hurry shows that the thing he is about is too big for him.
不管是谁，匆匆忙忙只能说明他不能从事他所从事的工作。
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.
一次痛苦的经验抵得上千百次的告诫。
Throughout life, we rely on small groups of people for love, admiration, respect, moral support and help.
整个一生， 我们都有赖于从一些人群中获得友爱、赏识、尊重、道义支持和帮助。
He that will not allow his friend to share the prize must not expect him to share the danger.
不肯让朋友共享果实的人，不要指望朋友与他共患难。
No man is the whole of himself; his friends are the rest of him.A young idler, an old beggar.
少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲。
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
名称有什么关系呢？玫瑰不叫玫瑰，依然芳香如故。—Shakespeare
There is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.
崇高与荒谬仅一步之遥。
Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.
如果没有了图书馆，我们还有什么呢？我们没有了过去也没有了未来。
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
生活中没有可怕的东西，只有应去了解的东西。
About to see The Hunger Games. Not  sure exactly what to expect, but looking forward to it nonetheless.
今儿个准备去看电影「饥饿游戏」，不确定怎么样，但是还是期待下吧。
Finally I have been busy helping Lulu prepare for her final exams and taking her to all her tennis tournaments. She has won so many matches, and we are so proud of her
最后我还忙着帮Lulu准备她的期末考试，还有带着她去参加她所有的网球比赛，她赢了很多场比赛，我们很为她骄傲
Mind you, I am not seeking to flout or belittle or reflect in any way on this poor, dead girl.
请你们注意,我并不想要用任何方式嘲笑、看轻或是批评这位可怜的、已故的姑娘
Just before sunrise I found Jason in a half shattered bathtub in a park outside of town.
就在太阳将要升起的时候，我在一个城外公园的破烂的浴缸里找到了贾森
To dannylohner， you better take me again. Or I'll slit your throat.
对dannylohner说，你最好再带着我去，不然我就撕破你的喉咙。
bookworms will adopt the feelings, thoughts, beliefs and internal responses of fictional characters they like in a phenomenon called “experience-taking.
书虫们会完全将喜欢的虚构角色的感情、思想、信仰和内心活动过继到自己身上，这一现象被称为”经历采集”。[多读励志作品吧~~~]
Nature never deceives us; it is always us who deceive ourselves.
大自然永远不会欺骗我们，欺骗我们的往往是我们自己。
Time is a versatile performer. It flies, marches on, heals all wounds, runs out and will tell.
时间是个多才多艺的表演者。它能展翅飞翔，能阔步前进，能治愈创伤，能消逝而去，也能揭示真相。
The first in time and the first in importance of the influences upon the mind is that of nature.
在所有头脑的影响之中，大自然的影响可谓是在时间上最先，在作用上最为重要的。
That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to the pertinent answer.
科学的本质是：问一个不恰当的问题，于是走上了通往恰当答案的路。
The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that men may become robots.
在过去人们面临的危险是变成奴隶，而在将来危险是人类可能变成机器人。
Knowledge is a treasure, but practice is the key to it.
知识是一宝库，而实践就是开启宝库大门的钥匙。
The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood.
热爱大自然的人内外感觉协调一致，即使进入成年后依然保持着童心。
Ten men banded together in love can do what ten thousand separately would fail in.
以爱心聚在一起的十个人能够完成一万个分散的人做不到的事情。
Today is not yesterday. We ourselves change. How then can our works and thoughts, if they are always to be fittest, continue always the same?
今天不同于昨天。我们自己也在改变。那么，我们的著作和思想，如果想永远不过时，怎么能始终不改变呢？
Love alone can release the power of the atom so it will work for man and not against him.
只有爱才能使原子的力量造福人类，而非危害人类。
Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect. (William Shakespeare, British dramatist)
不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。(英国剧作家 莎士比亚.W.)
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. (Mark Twain, American writer)
不要放弃你的幻想。当幻想没有了以后，你还可以生存，但是你虽生犹死。（(美国作家 马克·吐温)
I want to bring out the secrets of nature and apply them for the happiness of man. I don't know of any better service to offer for the short time we are in the world. (Thomas Edison, American inventor)
我想揭示大自然的秘密，用来造福人类。我认为，在我们的短暂一生中，最好的贡献莫过于此了。 (美国发明家 爱迪生. T.)
Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal, there is no secure direction; without direction, there is no life.( Leo Tolstoy, Russian writer)
理想是指路明灯。没有理想，就没有坚定的方向；没有方向，就没有生活。(俄国作家 托尔斯泰. L.)
If winter comes, can spring be far behind ?( P. B. Shelley, British poet )
冬天来了，春天还会远吗？( 英国诗人, 雪莱. P. B.)
If you doubt yourself, then indeed you stand on shaky ground. (Ibsen, Norwegian dramatist )
如果你怀疑自己，那么你的立足点确实不稳固了。 (挪威剧作家 易卜生)
If you would go up high, then use your own legs ! Do not let yourselves carried aloft; do not seat yourselves on other people's backs and heads. (F. W. Nietzsche, German Philosopher)
如果你想走到高处，就要使用自己的两条腿！不要让别人把你抬到高处；不要坐在别人的背上和头上。(德国哲学家 尼采. F. W.)
It is at our mother's knee that we acquire our noblest and truest and highest, but there is seldom any money in them. ( Mark Twain, American writer )
就是在我们母亲的膝上，我们获得了我们的最高尚、最真诚和最远大的理想，但是里面很少有任何金钱。(美国作家 马克·吐温)
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. (Alexander Dumas, Davy de La Pailleterie, French Writer)
生活没有目标就像航海没有指南针。(法国作家 大仲马. A.)
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully 19 have been kindness, beauty and truth.(Albert Einstein, American scientist)
有些理想曾为我们引过道路，并不断给我新的勇气以欣然面对人生，那些理想就是--真、善、美。 (美国科学家 爱因斯坦. A.)
The important thing in life is to have a great aim, and the determination to attain it. (Johan Wolfgang von Goethe, German Poet and dramatist)
人生重要的事情就是确定一个伟大的目标，并决心实现它。(德国诗人、戏剧家 歌德. J. M.)
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds. (Mark Twain, American writer)
具有新想法的人在其想法实现之前是个怪人。 (美国作家 马克·吐温)
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. (Franklin Roosevelt, American president)
实现明天理想的唯一障碍是今天的疑虑。(美国总统 罗斯福. F.)
When an end is lawful and obligatory, the indispensable means to is are also lawful and obligatory. (Abraham Lincoln, American statesman)
如果一个目的是正当而必须做的，则达到这个目的的必要手段也是正当而必须采取的。(美国政治家 林肯. A.)
A free man obtains knowledge from many sources 1 besides books . (Thomas Jefferson , American president)
一个自由的人除了从书本上获取知识外，还可以从许多别的来源获得知识。(美国总统 杰斐逊 . T.)
A great part to the information I have was acquired by looking up something and finding something else on the way. (Adams Franklin , American humorist )
我的大部分知识都是这样获得的：在寻找某个资料时意外的发现了另上的资料。(美国幽默作家 富兰克林. A.)
If a man empties his purse into his head , no man can take it away from him , an investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.(Benjamin Franklin , American president )
倾已所有追求知识，没有人能夺走它；向知识投资，收益最佳。(美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
Imagination is more important than knowledge .(Albert Einstein , American scientist)
想象力比知识更为重要。 (美国科学家 爱因斯坦. A.)
Even when the experts all agree, they may well be mistaken.
即使所有的专家都一致赞同，他们可能也错了。
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can possibly do is take a complete rest.
有时候你能做的最紧急重要的事情就是彻底休息。
Little drops of water, little grains of sand, make the mighty ocean and the pleasant land.
滴滴小水珠，颗颗小沙粒，会形成浩瀚的海洋与宜人的土地。
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you get rid of him on the weekends.
给他一条鱼，你可以喂他一天；教他钓鱼，他周末就不会再来缠你了。
Truth has no special time of it's own. Its hour is now always.
真理没有自己特定的时间段。它的时间永远是现在。
The empty vessels make the greatest sound.(William Shakespeare , British dramatist)
满瓶不响，半瓶咣当。 (英国剧作家 莎士比亚. W.)
Almost any situation---good or bad ---is affected by the attitude we bring to. (Lucius Annaus Seneca, Ancient Roman philosopher)
差不多任何一种处境—无论是好是坏—都受到我们对待处境的态度的影响。(古罗马哲学家 西尼加 L A)
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it. (Hellen Keller, American writer)
虽然世界多苦难，但是苦难总是能战胜的(美国作家 海伦·凯勒)
As fruit needs not only sunshine but cold nights and chilling showers to ripen it, so character needs not only joy but trial and difficulty to mellow it. (Hugh Black, American writer)
水果不仅需要阳光，也需要凉夜。寒冷的雨水能使其成熟。人的性格陶冶不仅需要欢乐，也需要考验和困难。(美国作家 布莱克 H)
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing; the freedom to choose his attitude in any given set of circumstances. (Leonhard Frand , German novelist)
我可以拿走人的任何东西，但有一样东西不行，这就是在特定环境下选择自己的生活态度的自由。(德国小说家 弗兰克 L)
Every tragedy makes heroes of common people. (Normna Stephens, American writer)
每场悲剧都会在平凡的人中造就出英雄来。(美国作家 斯蒂芬斯 N)
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be. (F.C.Comford, British writer)
自己甘愿受辱的人，受污辱也活该。(英国作家 科福德 F C)
I find life an exciting business and most exciting when it is lived for others. (Helen Keller,Ameican writer)
我发现生活是令人激动的事情，尤其是为别人活着时。(美国作家 海伦·凯勒)
I wept when I was born, and every day shows why.(Jack London, American novelist)
我一生下来就开始哭泣，而每一天都表明我哭泣的原因。(美国小说家 杰克·伦敦)
If you want to live your whole life free from pain
如果你想一生摆脱苦难
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
手中的一只鸟胜于林中的两只鸟。
A man may lead a horse to the water, but he cannot make it drink.
一个人可以把马带到河边，但他不能令它饮水。
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
早睡早起使人健康、富裕又聪明。
Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind.
生活只是由一系列下决心的努力所构成。
You have to believe in yourself. That’s the secret of success.
人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
我不缅怀过去的历史，而致力于未来的梦想。
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
我们要尽可能为生活增加一些东西，而不是从中索取什么。
Life itself, without the assistance of colleges and universities, is becoming an advanced institution of learning.
没有学院和大学的帮助，人生本身也正在变成一所高等学府。
Work while you work;Play while you play; This is the way; To be cheerful and gay.
工作时工作，玩乐是玩乐，依此方法做，轻松与欢乐。
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you
若是一生一帆风顺，你怎会勇敢。
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it
成功有一个简单的公式：尽力而为，也许有人会喜欢。
One disadvantage of having nothing to do is you can't stop and rest
无事可做的一个缺点是你不能停下来休息。
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.
真理不是某个人的资产，而是人类共同享有的财富。
Do not , for one repulse , give up the purpose that you resolved to effect .(William Shakespeare , British dramatist)
不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。(英国剧作家 莎士比亚.W.)
Don't part with your illusions . When they are gone you may still exist , but you have ceased to live. (Mark Twain , American writer)
不要放弃你的幻想。当幻想没有了以后，你还可以生存，但是你虽生犹死。（(美国作家 马克·吐温)
I want to bring out the secrets of nature and apply them for the happiness of man .
我想揭示大自然的秘密，用来造福人类。
I don't know of any better service to offer for the short time we are in the world .(Thomas Edison , American inventor)
我认为，在我们的短暂一生中，最好的贡献莫过于此了。 (美国发明家 爱迪生. T.)
Without ideal , there is no secure direction ; without direction , there is no life .( Leo Tolstoy , Russian writer)
没有理想，就没有坚定的方向；没有方向，就没有生活。(俄国作家 托尔斯泰. L .)
If winter comes , can spring be far behind ?( P. B. Shelley , British poet )
冬天来了，春天还会远吗？( 英国诗人, 雪莱. P. B.)
If you doubt yourself , then indeed you stand on shaky11 ground .(Ibsen , Norwegian dramatist )
如果你怀疑自己，那么你的立足点确实不稳固了。 (挪威剧作家 易卜生)
If you would go up high , then use your own legs!
如果你想走到高处，就要使用自己的两条腿！
Do not let yourselves carried aloft; do not seat yourselves on other people's backs and heads . (F. W . Nietzsche , German Philosopher)
不要让别人把你抬到高处；不要坐在别人的背上和头上。(德国哲学家 尼采. F. W.)
It is at our mother's knee that we acquire our noblest and truest and highest , but there is seldom any money in them.( Mark Twain , American writer )
就是在我们母亲的膝上，我们获得了我们的最高尚、最真诚和最远大的理想，但是里面很少有任何金钱。(美国作家 马克·吐温)
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.Alexander Dumas (Davy de La Pailleterie, French Writer)
生活没有目标就像航海没有指南针。 (法国作家 大仲马. A.)
Genius only means hard-working all one's life .( Mendeleyer , Russian Chemist)
天才只意味着终身不懈的努力。 (俄国化学家 门捷列耶夫)
A lifetime of happiness ! No man alive could bear it ; it would be hell on earth .(G. Bernard Shaw ,British dramatist )
终身幸福！这是任何活着的人都无法忍受的，那将是人间地狱。(英国剧作家 肖伯纳. G.)
Happiness is form courage .( H. Jackson , British writer )
幸福是勇气的一种形式。 (英国作家 杰克逊. H.)
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it . (George Bernard Shaw , British dramatist)
正像我们无权只享受财富而不创造财富一样，我们也无权只享受幸福而不创造幸福。(英国剧作家 肖伯纳. G.)
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.
快乐是唯一的好事，快乐的时候是现在，快乐的地方是这里，快乐的方法是使他人快乐。
A critic is a man who knows the way but can’t drive the car.
批评者知道路但不会开车。
If I were asked to give what I consider the single most useful bit of advice for all humanity, it would be this: Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and when it comes, hold your head high, look it squarely in the eye, and say, ‘I will be bigger than you. You cannot defeat me.
如果有人问我哪一个建议对人们最有用，那就是：当麻烦出现时，视它为人生不可避免的一部分，把头高高抬起，直视麻烦然后说：『我比你巨大，你无法击倒我。』
The happy people are those who are producing something; the bored people are those who are consuming much and producing nothing.
快乐的人有生产力，无聊的人大量消费但没什么生产力。
Remember, the thoughts that you think and the statements you make regarding yourself determine your mental attitude. If you have a worthwhile objective, find the one reason why you can achieve it rather than hundreds of reasons why you can’t.
记住，你的想法与对自己的描述决定你内在的态度。如果你有一个值得追求的目标，找到你可以达成的理由，而不是几百个达不到的理由。
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
让自己察觉到周遭事物有多么美好时，我们感受到快乐。
Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man’s growth without destroying his roots.
批评应该像雨水般，轻柔的滋养一个人的成长，但不伤害其根部。
What is happiness? The feeling that power increases, that resistance is overcome.
快乐是什么？就是力量增加、克服阻力的感觉。
We can often do more for other men by trying to correct our own faults than by trying to correct theirs.
借由纠正自己而非别人的毛病，我们通常可以帮助别人更多。
Sometimes the hardest things in life are what make you the strongest.
有时候，人生中最艰难的事,锻造了最坚强的你。
Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be you.
总会有人比你更漂亮，总会有人更聪明，总会有人更年轻，但他们永远都不是你。
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.
如果这个世界上只有欢乐，我们就永远也学不会勇敢和耐心。
We all thought love was very deep, but in fact it's very thin. The deepest and heaviest love must grow up with the time.
我们以为爱的很深，很深，来日岁月，会让你知道 ，它不过很浅，很浅。最深和最重的爱，必须和时日一起成长。
We shout and scream and wail and cry, but in the end we must all die.
不管经历怎样的大悲大喜，我们终究都会死去。
You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
你已经一无所有，没有什么道理不顺心而为。
They always say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself.
人们总说时间会改变一切，但实际上你自己必须去改变一切。
Good mood will have good scenery, good vision will have a good find, good thinking will have a good idea.
好心情才会有好风景，好眼光才会有好发现，好思考才会有好主意。
The man always remember, lonely life of every man, as I kept thinking of you!
寂寞的人总是记住生命中出现的每一个人，正如我总是意犹未尽地想起你！
A boy will make you think he loves you, but he really doesn't. A girl will make you think she doesn't love you, when she really does.
很多时候，男人会让你觉得他爱上了你，其实他真没有；而女人会让你觉得她不可能会爱上你，结果她却动了心。
It is graceful grief and sweet sadness to think of you, but in my heart, there is a kind of soft warmth that can’t be expressed with any choice of words.
想你，是一种美丽的忧伤的甜蜜的惆怅，心里面，却是一种用任何语言也无法表达的温馨。
Life is filled with regrets. Ask anyone around you what their regrets are and they usually have no difficulty coming up with many items on their “regret list。”
人生总是充满遗憾。问问你周围的人他们有没有遗憾的事情，他们会轻而易举的列出一大堆“遗憾清单”。
If a girl can put up with you through your worst days, and still stick with you and your mistakes, then you shouldn't let her go.
如果一个女生可以忍受你心情不好时的坏脾气，粘着你和你的一大堆缺点，那你就不该放她走。
You're the only one who can bring out all sorts of emotions in me.
你是唯一一个能让我各种情绪泛滥的人。
Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind.
青春不是一段年华，而是一种心境！
You should understand that there are too many people in the world smile at you, and sincerely inclusive you,too.
你应该明白：这个世界对你微笑的人太多，而真心包容你的，太少。
Happiness is various, everyone can have their own happiness, the key in his own perception and experience.
幸福是多样的，人人都可以拥有自己的幸福，关键在自己的感知和体会。
Don't waste your time looking back you have lost something, look ahead of time, because this will not flow backwards.
别把时间浪费在回首你已经失去的东西上，向前看吧，因为时光本就不会倒流。
Do not all you can, spend not all you have; believe not all you hear; and tell not all youknow.
不要为所能为，不要花尽所有，不要全信所闻，不要言尽所知。
Love is when you sit beside someone doing nothing yet you feel perfectly happy.
爱就是当你坐在他身边，哪怕什么都不做，也会感觉很开心。
In a group of friends, everyone should be on an equal playing field.
一个朋友圈子里每个人都应该是平等的。
If you’re the one always making the decisions, constantly needing to be in charge, or trying to control what others are doing, you’re acting in an unattractive way.
如果什么都是由着你来决定，随时都要你来管事，或者总是想控制别人的行为，那别人是不会对你有好感的。
When it comes to being a great friend, or someone who others want to be around, you need to be honest.
如果你想做一个合格的好朋友或者想受别人的欢迎，那你一定得诚实。
Many people who partake in ugly behaviors are often dishonest, lying about everything, inquiring about every question asked about them, and how they truly feel about different things.
许多行为不端的人都不够诚实、随时在撒谎，他们到处询问每个问到他们的问题，或者他们对不同事物的真实看法。
If you’re the person that’s frequently impolite, offensive, or embarrassing your friends with your rude comments in public – quit.
如果你常常没礼貌、冒犯别人或用粗言秽语让朋友难堪，请改改吧。
There are going to be times when you don’t agree with someone, or see something you didn’t want to see, but there’s no point in making a scene, because you’re making everyone look at your terrible behavior and they’re not seeing what you’re seeing.
总有些时候你不赞同某些人，或者是看到你不想看的情景，但是没有必要大闹一场吧。 别人只会看到你的粗暴行为，而不能明白你的感受。
If you’re the person no one can count on, that’s an unattractive quality in friendships.
在和别人相处中，无法值得依靠是一个非常低劣的品质。
Similarly, if you’re the one always calling for help from others, yet never offering yours when they need it, that’s another unattractive quality that no one wants in a friend.
更甚，如果你从没帮助别人，还总是要求他人帮助你，有这种行为的人是没有人愿意和你交朋友的。
If you’re constantly putting things down, or seeing situations in a negative light, try and change your attitude.
如果你总是在贬低或者总是看到事情消极的一面，试着改变你的态度吧。
Nobody wants to be friends with someone who’s constantly seeing the negative instead of the positive.
没人愿意和这种缺乏正能量的人成为朋友。
Imagine a big explosion as you climb through 3,000 ft. Imagine a plane full of smoke. Imagine anengine going clack, clack, clack, clack, clack, clack, clack. It sounds scary.
想像一个大爆炸，当你在三千多英尺的高空；想像机舱内布满黑烟，想像引擎发出喀啦、喀啦、喀啦、喀啦、喀啦的声响，听起来很可怕。
The pilot lines up the plane with the Hudson River. That's usually not the route.
机长把飞机对齐哈德逊河，一般的航道可不是这样。
And then he says 3 words-the most unemotional 3 words I've ever heard. He says, "Brace for impact."
然后他说了几个字，我听过最不带情绪的几个字，他说，“即将迫降，小心冲击。”
I could see in her eyes, it was terror. Life was over.
我可以在她眼神里看到恐惧，人生结束了。
Now I want to share with you 3 things I learned about myself that day.
现在我想和你们分享那天我所学到的三件事。
You can’t have a better tomorrow if you don’t stop thinking about yesterday.
昨日若不弃，明日多烦忧。
Sometimes, love is like the wind, can not see, only the heart to feel!
有时候，爱就像风一样，看不到，却只能用心去感觉！
No matter how bad things get, something good is out there, just over the horizon.
不管事情变得多坏，在不远的地方，相信总会有一些美好即将来临。
Life would be so much simpler if I didn’t care so much.
如果我不这么在乎，生活会简单得多。
In the ways of life every trauma is a mature, every loss is a gain.
生命里的每一次创伤都是一种成熟，每一次失去都是一种获得。
It doesn't matter the true love comes early or late, much or little. It will be yours if it is meant to be
真正的爱情，不分早到晚到，无关多或者少，是你的，就是你的。
Remembrance is a form of meeting. Forgetfulness is a form of freedom.
记忆是一种相聚的方式，忘却是一种自由的方式。
You have to believe in yourself. That is the secret of success.
人必须相信自己，那是你成功的秘诀。
My China Tour is Rock N Rolling! And all my fans are amazing! black gold will open for test on the 21st March, see you then!
中国巡演is Rock N Rolling，粉丝的表现嗨爆了！3月21日@黑金 开放测试，我们到时见！
Thank you China! I had such an amazing time here. I hope I can come back soon!
谢谢中国的粉丝们！我在这里度过了愉快的时光。希望我能尽快再次回来！
Voting for the 2014 MAXIM hot 100 is now open! ...
现在2014年《Maxim》杂志最性感的100位女星开始投票了！
Last stop, Shenzhen! See you all tonight at the China Resources Shenzhen Bay Sports Center!
最后一站，深圳！今晚在华润深圳湾体育中心见！
Ni hao! I hope my fans in China are keeping warm this winter! I heard its the coldest yet!
你好！我希望中国的粉丝们冬天要注意保暖！我听说还是很冷！
Chengdu is such a beautiful place! I hope you’re ready to see me tonight!
成都是一个非常漂亮的地方！我希望今晚你们已经准备好见我啦！
Bad Girl was a fun track to record because I got to collaborate with Marilyn Man
在录制“Bad Girl”的时候非常有趣，因为这是我与Marilyn Manso
Nanjing, you’re next! I’m excited to perform for you guys for my first time ever!
南京，下一站就是你！非常兴奋第一次在这里开唱！
Trying to put together new singles and videos now while Im on tour. Its not easy
现在在我巡演的时候想要把新单曲和音乐录影带组合在一起。这并不容易。
Avril is featured on the cover of the latest Nouveau Magazine!!
我登上了《Nouveau》杂志最新一期的封面！
The Avril Lavigne Tour is heading to China for a few weeks.
我就要来中国进行几周的巡演了。
Avrils nominated for the Juno Fan Choice Award! Get your vote in now
我得到了最受歌迷喜爱奖的提名！现在去投票吧
Picking up flowers off the ground while walking in Beautiful Bangkok Thailand.
在美丽的泰国曼谷走着，拾起了地上的花瓣。
I wanna thank all my Lil Black Stars for your Love and Support.
我想要感谢所有粉丝们对我的爱和支持。
Mugen Rocks! Thank u for being a part of The Avril Lavigne Tour Japan.
Mugen太棒了！谢谢你们参与我的日本巡演。
Happy Chinese New Year! How will you be celebrating your Spring Festival this year?
春节快乐！你们今年会如何庆祝春节呢？
My FANS are showing em that were still Rock N Roll!
我的粉丝们表示我们还在Rock N Roll！
This is such a beautiful collage. Thank u to my fans. This is so dope.
这幅拼贴画太漂亮了。感谢我的粉丝们，这实在是太酷了。
Happy New Year Little Black Stars see you in 2014! Thanks for all the love this year.
祝我的粉丝们新年快乐，2014年见！非常感谢你们这一年对我的爱。
Happy 2014! I hope this year is a great one for you all!
2014年快乐！希望大家都能度过完满的一年！
Thank you Y100JingleBall heres a pic of my hubby and I tonight
感谢Y100JingleBall的邀请，这是我和我老公今晚出席时的照片
Fun pic from my set last night. Had a great time last night xo
昨晚我表演时候的有趣照片。昨晚玩得很愉快。
Jumping on stage with Johnny Rzeznik from Goo Goo Dolls last night
昨晚与Goo Goo Dolls乐队的Johnny Rzeznik一起在舞台上舞动起来
OMG!! Just sang Iris onstage w/ Goo Goo Dolls, off the cuff!
哦天啊！刚才在台上与Goo Goo Dolls即兴唱了Iris！
I'm very happy to announce that I am on @Fans堂 and this is my official Tencent Weibo account. China, how are all of you doing today?
非常高兴向大家宣布我正式加入@Fans堂 ，这里是我的官方腾讯微博账号。中国的粉丝们，大家今天都过的如何？
Good morning beautiful world! I'm very excited to be able to interact with all of you in China at @Fans堂 . How is everyone today?
美丽世界早安！能够在@Fans堂 上和所有的中国粉丝互动我觉得太兴奋了。大家今天还好吗？
Hello China! Welcome to my official Weibo page. I am so excited that @Fans堂 will be helping me chat with my Chinese fans! Let’s get this party started!
你好中国！欢迎来到我的腾讯微博。我@Fans堂 的朋友会帮我与大家沟通。让我们一起狂欢吧！
Bye China, I had an amazing trip. I will see you soon.
再见中国，我有个难忘的旅行。不久就可以再次看到你们了。
Hey guys, just launched the #CR7emag for tablets and smartphones, with lots of behind the scenes and really cool exclusive photos and videos. Take a look: http://url.cn/W6TL4p Hope you like it![
嘿伙计们,刚刚推出了平板电脑和智能手机的# CR7emag,有大量的幕后和很酷的独家照片和视频。看一看:http://url.cn/W6TL4p希望你喜欢它!
Dane Domic, I'm looking forward to meeting you and your best friend in Madrid soon – you're the winner of my CR7 Boys Underwear Competition! And thanks to all of you for participating.
戴恩Domic,我期待着很快见到你和你最好的朋友在马德里——你我CR7男孩内衣竞争的赢家!感谢你们所有人的参与。
Hey guys! There’s a big game coming up tomorrow. Let’s fight for the win! Hala Madrid!
嘿,伙计们!明天有一个即将到来的大游戏。让我们争取胜利!哈拉马德里!
I’m happy to have scored twice last night on my 100th game on the European competitions.
我很开心昨晚在我的欧战第100场比赛中，攻入两球。
Chinese fans, have you had a chance to listen to my new album? What’s your favorite song off the album?
中国粉丝们，你们已经听过我的新专辑了吗？你们最喜欢里面的哪首歌呢？
Remember God would never take something away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better
老天从你身上拿走一样东西，一定是在想着要给你更好的
Human life, like water flowing, not in islands and reefs is difficult to arouse beautiful spray.
人的生命，似海水奔流，不遇着岛屿和暗礁就难以激起美丽的浪花。
Life's like rollercoaster, you're up you're down. Which means, however bad or good a situation is, it'll change.
生活就像坐过山车，有高峰，也有低谷，这意味着，无论眼下是好是坏，都只是暂时的。
End of the road is still the way， if you want to go.
路的尽头，仍然是路，只要你愿意走。
Goodnight everyone. Thank you for a wonderful evening. 4 shows in a row.
晚安各位。谢谢带给我一个精彩的夜晚。还有连续4场演唱会。
Katie Couric you are hot and fun i had so much fun with you.
Katie Couric，你很热情，很有趣，跟你在一起非常开心。
Thanks to my bestie Caryn Alpert for celebrating with me all week!!!
谢谢我的好友Caryn Alpert整周都和我在庆祝！！
Thank you NYC. Been an amazing album release week. Taking my album to Los Angele...
谢谢纽约的粉丝们。度过了一个非常精彩的专辑发行周。现在要去洛杉矶宣传我的专辑啦！..
Its finally here!! My new album Avril Lavigne is NOW available on iTunes!!
终于在这里! !我的新专辑艾薇儿现在可以在iTunes上! !
She love my tattoos ain't got no room for her name, but imma make room
她喜欢我的纹身，那上面没有纹她名字的地方了，不过我会弄出空余空间
Orthographic Errors	happy singles day in China - sorry I won't be celebratin witchu, I have my love...
中国的粉丝们，光棍节快乐 - 抱歉我不能和你们一起庆祝节日了，我有我可爱的老婆S...
Less guilty of some wrong, will be able to talk less "I'm sorry " to themselves or others are worth celebrating.
少犯一些错，就能少说“对不起”，这对自己或对别人都是值得庆幸的。
So excited to reveal the title of my new album on the new KellyRowland.com :)
非常激动要在 KellyRowland.com 上揭晓我新专辑的名字了:)
Thanks for your nice comment. Paris does enjoy the class. She wants ballet everyday.
谢谢你的好的评论。Paris确实喜欢这门课。她想要的芭蕾舞每天
MUST HAVE! Need these in my life! How I love you AbdulRahman Althani xo
必备单品！我的生活需要这些鞋子！我真是太爱你了，AbdulRahman Althani
There is still a strong rumor that it will be announced January 24, which is Steve Jobs birthday.  This version will be a "category killer" with a quad core processor, double the screen resolution and upgraded software!!!
之前一个谣言说是1月24日，那是因为那天是Steve Jobs的生日。这个版本将是一个有四核心处理器的“分类商店”，屏幕分辨率翻倍，软件也进行了升级
I will not have these rebel upstarts using the Jedi as a rallying symbol. They must be hunted to extinction.
我不能让那些叛军将绝地武士作为反抗的象征。他们必须被消灭。
I took my sons to The Texans football game today.  There was a crowd of 60,000 people.  They had so much fun.  Maybe Robert will play football professionally when he gets older.  Ha ha!!!!
今天我带儿子们去看德州足球赛。有60000个观众。他们玩得可开心了。也许Robert长大后可以当个专业足球运动员呢。哈哈
Ashley had a good day in Haikou despite the rain. She was taken around by two very nice escorts. They saw a 3D Chinese action film, walked thru the old streets of Haikou, and ate local food from a snack mall. She loved the coconut rice.
尽管下雨了，Ashley仍然在海口度过了愉快的一天。两位友好的陪同带她四处转了转。他们看了一场中国3D动作片，逛了海口老街，在小吃街品尝了当地食物。她喜欢椰子饭
Therefore, the all inclusive term endocytosis is now coming into common use for this process.
因此,这个过程现在通常用一概括的名词--内吞作用来命名。
Go support my boy marlon wayans in the hilarious movie A Haunted House!
来支持我好兄弟marlon wayans的搞笑电影《鬼屋大电影
Especially when you’re near me as now. As if I had a string somewhere under my left rib.
尤其是象你现在这样靠近我的时候。彷佛我左肋下的哪个地方有根弦
With famous stylist Songce, really need his help to for a new style! Which style you guys think I should reference? Johnny Depp? Tom Cruise? Will Smith?
和著名造型师宋策，最需要他帮忙给我做新的造型！你们觉得哪个风格应该来参考呢？约翰尼·德普？汤姆·克鲁斯? 威尔史密斯?
There must be another me doing the things what I do not dare to do and living the life I desire.
这个世界上肯定有另一个我，做着我不敢做的事，过着我想过的生活
Political thought-leaders are few and far between. In the latter half of the Australian Federation there have been two outstanding political statesmen who have enjoyed a global reputation as thought-leaders for the quality of their thinking.
政治界的思考家不仅少,而且他们在历史上出现的频率也少. 在澳大利亚联邦的后半阶段的时候,有两位杰出的政治家都在世界上因为他们高质量的思考,享有很高的声誉.
Intel increased our productivity by 2.75 million hours thanks to our bring-your-own-device (BYOD) program, and we saved nearly $3 million by using a private cloud. Great case study for Chinese companies looking to work smarter!
英特尔统计，允许“自带设备（BYOD）上班”，给公司带来了275万小时的生产效率提升。同时，部署私有云之后，我们节省了近300万美元成本。对于寻求更智能工作方式的国内企业而言，我想这是个不错的案例
the question we are trying to decide is what will be the best device for a windows 8 experience.
我们现阶段正在考虑的事情是：什么样的设备能最好地提升win8用户体验。
While we don't have a crystal ball to look into the future, we can study current trends to predict what's ahead of us.
虽然没有预知未来的水晶球，我们依然可以通过研究当前的趋势，从而预测下一步会发生什么。
Check out Intel's prediction of technology trends in Asia for the Year of the Snake!
这里是英特尔关于蛇年亚洲技术趋势的预测：
Absolutely right. Sometimes you can't get it perfect, but quick and decisive action is most important for any organization.
这绝对正确。有时你不可能做到完美，但是迅速和果断的行动对任何一个组织而言都是最重要的。
Crazylight2 are Awesome! After the event I switched to another place to ball!
Crazylight2太棒了，活动之后还跑别的地方打球啊!
Ricky Martin说：I keep meeting a lot of religious ppl that aren't spiritual at all. And a lot of spiritual ppl that aren't religious @ all. I stay w the
我不断会见到很多完全没有灵性的宗教人士，同时很多有灵性的非宗教人士。我选择加入后者。
A Eurasia and North Africa of vast urban concentrations, overlapping missile ranges and sensational global media will be one of constantly enraged crowds
如果欧亚与北非有广袤的卫星城大都市 在导弹打击的重叠范围内，具备耸人听闻的全球媒体，将会是具有经常怒发冲冠横眉怒目人群的地方之一
To Robert MNHarvey： I have your cowboy hats and Mickey mouse ears over here ao don't worry about bringing those :)
对Robert MNHarvey说：你的牛仔帽和米老鼠耳朵我都在我这里，不用麻烦带过来了:)
I love the new panoramic photo feature in the new iphone software.  This is a photo I took of my two sons playing table tennis in a room full of mirrors.   Awesome!!!!
我喜欢新的iphone软件的全景照片功能。这张照片是我的2个儿子在一个全是镜面的房间里打乒乓球的时候拍的。真赞
Day 3 is over ! Got a lot better today. Looking forward to Friday and then Saturdays game!
篮球训练第三天结束！今天感觉好多了。非常期待周五和周六的比赛
What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose. - Andre Agassi
使某事特殊的不只是你必须获得的东西，也有让你感觉有东西要失去的缘故。”——安德烈·阿加西（美国网球明星
After you've been dating someone for a long time and realize the relationship will not pan out for the long term do you ever feel like having the conversation like the one below?
当你跟某人约会很长一段时间并发现你们的关系不会有结果之后，你是不是曾感觉有类似下面的对话？(如果你是我老公，我会在你咖啡里下毒；如果你是我老婆，我宁愿喝下它
Today my friend Firmani's team will have a CFA Cup match with my previous team Tianjin TEDA in Tianjin. I really don't know which one I should support. But wish both of them good luck! !
今天我的朋友菲尔马尼所在的陕西浐灞队与我之前效力的天津泰达队在天津将有一场足协杯的比赛。我不知道该支持哪一边了。祝双方都好运
Slow the pace of your life and give yourself some time for meditating .It's not death that a man should fear ,but he should fear never live truly.
放慢生活的脚步，给自己一些思考的时间。人从不恐惧死亡，而应该害怕从来没有真正的活过。
This veritable beast of burden can walk 30 miles a day carrying a load that weighs half a ton.
这种名符其实的负重动物可载重达半吨的负荷每天行走30英里。
Anything, but it will have the answer, in a hurry to find, missed is the static good years.
任何事情，终有答案，匆忙寻找，错失的是岁月的静好。
I did not temper，but not easily loses his temper. I'm not love you，just put in the heart just．
我不是没脾气，只是不轻易发脾气。我不是不爱你，只是放在心里而已！
Remember God would never take something away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better
老天从你身上拿走一样东西，一定是在想着要给你更好的。
Some critics saw fit to say that I was a great actress. I thought that was a foolish, wicked thing to say because it put such an onus and such an responsibility onto me, which I simply wasn't able to carry.  桂林朗阁雅思培训学校
有些评论家说我是个伟大的女演员，我认为这个说法并不好。因为这样我将承担一些超出我能力范围的义务与责任。
That's one of the two words in the English language I most detest: pretty and the other is beautiful.
我最不愿听到的字眼有两个，一是漂亮、二是美丽。
I have always believed that if you want something with your head soul you get it.
我相信如果你全心全意的想要某样东西，你实际上已经得到了。
My birth sign is Scorpio and they burn themselves out and eat themselves up and they are careless about themselves-like me.
我是天蝎座的人，天蝎座的特点是喜欢竭尽全力去做事但却总是疏忽了自己，这一点真的与我很相象。
I am a mixture of my mother's determination and my father's optimism.
我继承了母亲的坚强意志与父亲的乐观精神。
I am part prude and part non-conformist and I say what I think and dissemble.
我既有遵循旧礼又不愿过分墨守成规。有时我会选择直接表达自己的想法，但隐忍也是我的性格。
I am a mixture of French, Irish and Yorkshire, and perhaps that's what it all is.
杂糅着来自法国和爱尔兰约克郡的血统，或许，这就是我。桂林朗阁雅思培训学校
It's much easier to make people cry than to make them laugh.
让观众笑比让观众哭难。
Love is when you take away the feeling， the passion， the romance， and you find out you still care for that person.
所谓爱，就是当感觉、热情和浪漫统统拿掉之后，你仍然珍惜对方。
Remember happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
幸福不在于你是谁，你拥有什么，而仅仅在于你自己怎么看待。
Single, doesn’t mean that u know nothing about love. In fact, being solo is wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
单身并不意味着你不懂爱情，事实上，单身要比陷入错误的一段爱明智得多。
Don’t make me wait for you just because you know I will.
别因为知道我会等你， 就把我晾在那儿等。
1 Universe, 9 Planets, 204 Countries,809 Islands, 7 Seas, and I had the Privilege to meet you.
1个宇宙，9大行星，204个国家，809个岛屿，7个大洋，我竟如此幸运，可以遇见你。
You can hurt with your words but sometimes you can hurt more with your silence.
生活中，你说的话可能会伤到别人，但有时候，你的沉默会让人伤得更深。
You are the reason why I became stronger. But still，you are my weakness.
因为你，我学会了坚强，而你，依旧是我的伤。
It takes being away from someone for a while, to realize how much you really need them in your life.
有的时候，你需要离开某人一段时间，才会发现自己有多需要他。
I could conquer the world with one hand as long as you’re holding my other one.
我可以用一只手征服世界，只需要你牵着我的另一只手。
People cry, not because they’re weak. It’s because they’ve been strong for too long.
哭泣，不代表脆弱，只因坚强了太久。
Falling in love is like jumping off a really tall building, your brain tells you it is not a good idea, but your heart tells you, you can fly.
恋爱就像跳楼，大脑它说这不是个好主意，但内心它说，你可以飞。
Every story has an ending.but in life, every end is a new beginning.
每段故事都有一个结局。但是在人的一生中，每一个终点同时也是一个新的起点。
Don’t take people’s care for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
不要把别人的关心当成理所当然。不管他有多爱你，最终也会有疲惫的一天。
There is a friendship, no less than love; relations are not ambiguous; talk has been confided; the outcome is always difficult family dependents; This is the friend!
有一种友谊不低于爱情；关系不属于暖昧；倾诉一直推心置腹；结局总是难成眷属；这就是知己！
Relationships don’t need promises, terms &conditions. It just needs TWO people: who can trust & who can understand.
感情不需要诺言，协议与条件。它只需要两个人：一个能够信任的人，与一个愿意理解的人。
Never let anyone fall for you when you know there’s some else in your heart.
如果你心里面已经有了人，就千万不要让别人爱上你！
Making a million friends is not a miracle. The miracle is to make a friend who will stand by you when millions are against you.
交许许多多的朋友不是什么奇迹。真正的奇迹是当所有人都弃你而去的时候，还有一个朋友坚定的站在你一边。
When somebody says you’ve changed, it’s only because you stopped living your life their way.
当有人说你变了的时候，不过是因为你不再按他们的方式生活罢了。
Sometimes, it’s not what you say that matters, it’s what you don’t.
有时候，我在乎的不是你所说的，而是那些你没有说的。
There’s somebody out there for everybody. You just have to wait for god to bring them into your life.
每个人都注定要遇到那个特别的人。你要做的就是等待老天将他带到你的身边。
Be yourself, don’t change for anyone. If they don’t like you at your worst, then they don’t deserve you at your best.
勇敢的做自己，不要为任何人而改变。如果他们不能接受最差的你，也不配拥有最好的你。
Before I met you I never knew what it was like; to look at someone and smile for no reason.
没有遇到你之前，我从来没想到自己会这样，毫无缘由的对着一个人傻笑。
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
真正的朋友会接受你的过去，力挺你的现在，鼓舞你的将来。
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
爱情是打开幸福之门最重要的钥匙。
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
爱情是一副以天性为画布、用想象创作的油画。
True love is like a fine wine, the older the better.
真爱似美酒，愈老愈醇。
Great win tonight! The second unit held it down! Now it's time to get ready for ...
今晚赢得太棒了！第二节就把他们击垮了！现在是时候为密尔沃基做好准备了。
Happy Birthday Myles! Who, happens to share a birthday w/Jimi Hendrix. Pretty co...
生日快乐，Myles！你居然和Jimi Hendrix同一天生日。太酷了。iii...
Jim Bogios here with a little trivia question between tours.  What song are we p...
Jim Bogios在巡演中遇到了一些小麻烦。我们接下来要表演什么歌曲呢
Shakira's new fragrance, Elixir, won the Best New Feminine Fragrance prize at th...
夏奇拉的新香水“Elixir”昨晚在西班牙香水学院奖上获得了“最佳新女性香水”大...
You can now pick up 'The Connection' on vinyl!! This is our first ever release o...
你可以购买我们的黑胶版“The Connection”专辑！这是我们第一次发行黑...
Excited & honored to announce that I'll be performing "America (My Country 'Tis ...
我很激动也很荣幸地告诉大家，我将于1月21日在第57届总统就职典礼上演唱国歌"A...
I use the mrandmrssmith.com when I'm looking for a unique hotel in a certain cou...
当我要在某个国家定酒店时，我会去mrandmrssmith.com网上搜寻，这个...
Creative Allies contest ends March 1st. Have you submitted your design yet?    h...
创造性盟友竞赛3月1日截止。你们都上交了自己的设计作品了么
Xmas, whiskey, and records. I’m very happy. Enjoy your families, appreciate thos...
圣诞，威士忌和唱片。我很开心。好好珍惜在你身边的家人们。节日快乐
Need some killer music for the New Year? Check out this dynamite list from Ryan ...
需要一些新年好音乐吗？看看Ryan Spaulding发布的这些“2012年度最...
When I see ads like this in the current in style magazine I get good chills and can only smile thinking this world is go...
当我在最新一期的《In Style》杂志中看到类似这样的广告时，我会得到放松，并微微一笑，心想这个世...
WOW, we are nominated for Song of the Year on REVOLVER Magazine too!! Voting end...
我们被 REVOLVER杂志提名为年度最佳歌曲了！！投票截止于1月1日。
Killer Filligar Daytrotter session added today. SO proud of all The Outlaw Roadshow brotherhood. KNOCK YERSELF OUT!!! ht...
今天Daytrotter网站上传了有关Filligar乐队的文章。真为所有参与到我们The Outl...
Day 2 of rehearsals for this Sundays MTV Movie Awards performance.  So exited fo...
为本周日MTV电影大奖上的表演进行第二天彩排。等不及想要让你们看到我的表演了。
We're so happy and proud that Sasha Allen has made it through to the NBC TheVoic...
Sasha Allen成功晋级成为NBC台《美国之声》节目的半决赛选手！我们很高...
Thank you all for the amazing entries, they were fantastic. After a lot of thoug...
谢谢大家提供的照片辑，太漂亮了。经过一番思考后，我选出了获胜者。恭喜Anna S...
That was a cool session. Can't wait to hear it when the percussion stuff is on t...
很棒的创作过程。迫不及待想要听到配上敲击乐后的整首歌曲。这首歌由Darius M...
sometimes you just wake up with "Fjogur Piano" (Sigurros) in your head...and hum...
有时候你会被脑中的"Fjogur Piano"(Sigurros的一首歌）惊醒....
I did an interview w/ Parade Magazine this week and they posted it today. You ca...
本周我接受了Parade杂志的采访，他们今天发布了这篇采访报道。你们可以去看看
Las Vegas last night was the best show on the tour so far!  You guys killed it!!...
昨晚在拉斯维加斯的演出是迄今为止我们巡演中最棒的演出！你们太棒了
Are we going to win this?! Vote STILL SWINGIN  for ROCK SONG OF THE YEAR at LOUD...
我们会得这个奖吗？快来为我们的单曲“Still Swingin”投票，让它成为L...
Sending u all so much love and light and gratitude for our connection!!;-) sweet...
非常开心和你们互动，向你们送去好多的爱、光还有感激！！;-) 祝大家美梦
When I agreed to be in a cheesy vampire b-movie years ago, never once did I think I'd regret it,...
当我在几年前决定我将要在一部小成本吸血鬼电影出演的时候，我从来没有后悔过，直到....
Just landed in Africa. Looking forward to the concert on Saturday in Namibia...
刚刚到达非洲。非常期待周六的纳米比亚演唱会。。。
Thanking the Carboniferous period right now - b/c this heater is keeping me warm...
现在真的很感谢石炭纪 -因为这种取暖器让我在片场能保暖。31度啊....
I had to share this; it's by no means mine. But it's a gorgeous Aston Martin Van...
我必须分享这个；这决不是我的。不过这是一辆华丽的阿斯顿马丁Vanquish。ii...
NIAGRA FALLS, NY ROCKED LAST NIGHT!     Get tickets to our upcoming shows at htt...
昨晚在纽约的尼亚加拉大瀑布嗨翻全场！快来购买我们即将举办的演唱会门票吧
Headed to Russia for shows in Moscow & St Petersburg. This time w/whole band int...
为了在俄罗斯的演出前往莫斯科和圣彼得堡，这次乐队是完整的，上次是Brent弹贝斯...
Starting 11/26 we are touring with Stone Sour in Milan, Zurich, Ludwigsburg, Vie...
从11月26号开始我们会和Stone Sour开始巡回演唱，我们会分别去米兰，苏...
Edmonton... As always, it was my pleasure to be in your beautiful winter wonderl...
埃德蒙顿...像往常一样，能身处你美丽的冰雪仙境是我的荣幸！下次再来！爱你
Today's the day!!!! We are a great people of great power!!! ;-) who voted alread...
就是今天！！！！我们是拥有强大力量的伟大人群!!! ;-）谁今天已经投票了
Unbeknownst to each other, Todd Kerns & I are both doing children's benefit gigs...
Todd Kerns和我之前不知道我们今晚都会举办儿童慈善义演。但我们是在不同的...
Good mornin' from Joel and I! So stoked about dedicating today to the Girl Talk ...
早安，来自Joel和我的问候！今天要和theartofelysium参与“Gir...
Friar Charlie and I visit Nottingham on our '09 UK tour and...well, y'know, "whe...
Friar Charlie和我在我们09英国巡演中去了一趟诺丁汉，你们知道的，“...
Getting ready for the first of THREE inaugural balls and feeling grand!!! Can't ...
为三场就职典礼舞会的第一场准备好啦，感觉好隆重!!! 等不及啦!
The great deborah lippmann created a custom nail polish for me today! Should we ...
了不起的deborah lippmann今天为我量身打造了独一无二的美甲！我们是...
Just drove by the big line in front of the Wiltern; I'm honored & humbled. Thank...
刚刚开车经过Wiltern门口的长队；让我受宠若惊。感谢你们来现场。今晚一定会很...
i know i shouldn't want one of those cool ranch doritos tacos from taco bell... ...
我知道我不应该想着要一份来自塔可钟的Doritos炸玉米片..但是我想要。神啊，...
Jim Bogios here.  London shows were a real success.  Thanks to all the people th...
我是Jim Bogios。伦敦的演出真的非常成功。谢谢所有来观看这两场巡演的朋友...
My parents are too cute, today they sent me some new pictures, retired life is great. In the holiday are you guys going to visit your parents? Envious...
父母太可爱了，今天发给我这些照片，退休的生活正好。十一时候谁回家看父母呢？羡慕羡慕
Here's a great photo of Rick Nielsen. W/my prototype red AFD I loaned him for hi...
这是Rick Nielsen一张很棒的照片。我把我红色的AFD模型借给了他在芝加...
Wait until u see what I do with @Maroon5_Official on The GRAMMYs Feb. 10 on CBS....
我将于2月10日在CBS电视台播出的格莱美颁奖典礼上和Maroon 5同台表演，...
Went to the "Lair" exhibit at the Los Angeles Zoo today for the 1st time since i...
这是我自洛杉矶动物园开业以来第一次去看"Lair"展览。也许这是附近最棒的爬虫展...
Love is a perfume you cannot pour onto others without getting a few drops on yourself.
爱情像香水，你不可能洒在别人身上自己却得不到一丝一毫。
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
真爱就像鬼魂，谈论的人多，见过的人少。
Everyone admits that love is wonderful and necessary, yet no one agrees on just what it is.
人人都承认爱情是美好的必须的，然而到底什么是爱从没有定论。
What would it be like to swing on a star, or walk on a cloud? Would it be anything like what I feel whenever you are near?
在星星上荡秋千、云中漫步都是什么感觉呢？会像我感觉你在身边的一样吗？
Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.
为了爱情结婚也许有点冒险，但却如此真实，上帝除了微笑也无能为力。
I love you without knowing how, why, or even from where...
我爱你，不知怎么爱上的你，没原因的爱，没来由的爱……
I don't want to live; I want to love first, and live incidentally.
我不渴求生命；我首先要爱情，然后顺便活着。
One is always on a strange road, watching strange scenery and listening to strange music. Then one day, you will find that the things you try hard to forget are already gone.
一个人总要走陌生的路，看陌生的风景，听陌生的歌，然后在某个不经意的瞬间，你会发现，原本是费尽心机想要忘记的事情真的就那么忘记了。
Happiness is not about being immortal nor having food or rights in one's hand.
幸福，不是长生不老，不是大鱼大肉，不是权倾朝野。
It’s about having each tiny wish come true, or having something to eat when you are hungry or having someone's love when you need love.
幸福是每一个微小的生活愿望达成。当你想吃的时候有得吃，想被爱的时候有人来爱你。
Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow. When the lamp is off,you will find the shadow everywhere. Friend is who can give you strength at last.
爱情是灯，友情是影子，当灯灭了，你会发现你的周围都是影子。朋友，是在最后可以给你力量的人。
If you can hold something up and put it down, it is called weight-lifting; if you can hold something up but can never put it down,it's called burden-bearing.
举得起放得下的叫举重，举得起放不下的叫负重。
Pitifully, most of people are bearing heavy burdens when they are in love.
可惜，大多数人的爱情，都是负重的。
We all live in the past. We take a minute to know someone, one hour to like someone, and one day to love someone, but the whole life to forget someone.
我们每个人都生活在各自的过去中，人们会用一分钟的时间去认识一个人，用一小时的时间去喜欢一个人，再用一天的时间去爱上一个人，到最后呢，却要用一辈子的时间去忘记一个人。
One may fall in love with many people during the lifetime. When youfinally get your own happiness, you will understand the previoussadness is kind of treasure, which makes you better to hold and cherish the people you love.
一个人一生可以爱上很多的人，等你获得真正属于你的幸福之后，你就会明白一起的伤痛其实是一种财富，它让你学会更好地去把握和珍惜你爱的人。
When you are young, you may want several love experiences. But as time goes on, you will realize that if you really love someone, the whole life will not be enough.
年轻的时候会想要谈很多次恋爱，但是随着年龄的增长，终于领悟到爱一个人，就算用一辈子的时间，还是会嫌不够。
You need time to know, to forgive and to love.All this needs a very big mind.
慢慢地去了解这个人，体谅这个人，直到爱上为止，是需要有非常宽大的胸襟才行。
When tomorrow turns in today, yesterday, and someday that no more important in your memory, we suddenly realize that we r pushed forward by time. This is not a train in still in which you may feel forward when another train goes by. It is the truth that we've all grown up.And we become different.
当明天变成了今天成为了昨天，最后成为记忆里不再重要的某一天，我们突然发现自己在不知不觉中已被时间推着向前走，这不是静止火车里，与相邻列车交错时，仿佛自己在前进的错觉，而是我们真实的在成长，在这件事里成了另一个自己。
If you leave me, please don't comfort me because each sewing has to meet stinging pain.
离开我就别安慰我，要知道每一次缝补也会遭遇穿刺的痛。
Don’t forget the things you once you owned. Treasure the things you can’t get. Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.
曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。
I love and am used to keeping a distance with those changed things.Only in this way can I know what will not be abandoned by time. For example, when you love someone, changes are all around. Then I step backward and watching it silently, then I see the true feelings.
我喜欢并习惯了对变化的东西保持着距离，这样才会知道什么是最不会被时间抛弃的准则。比如爱一个人，充满变数，我于是后退一步，静静的看着，直到看见真诚的感情。
Good love makes you see the whole world from one person while bad love makes you abandon the whole world for one person.
好的爱情是你通过一个人看到整个世界，坏的爱情是你为了一个人舍弃世界。
We shall always save a place for ourselves, only for ourselves. And then begin to love.
在自己面前，应该一直留有一个地方，独自留在那里。然后去爱。
Have no idea of what it is, who he is, how to love or how long it will be. Just wait for one love.
不知道是什么，不知道是谁，不知道如何去爱，也不知道可以爱多久。
Maybe no one will come out, but this kind of waiting is the love itself
只是等待一次爱情，也许永远都没有人。可是，这种等待，就是爱情本身。
Is there anyone who hasn't suffered for the secret love? We always think that love is very heavy, heavy and could be the heaviest thing in the world. But one day, when you look back, you suddenly realize that it's always light, light. We all thought love was very deep, but in fact it's very thin. The deepest and heaviest love must grow up with the time.
有谁不曾为那暗恋而痛苦?我们总以为那份痴情很重，很重，是世上最重的重量。有一天，暮然回首，我们才发现，它一直都是很轻，很轻的。我们以为爱的很深，很深，来日岁月，会让你知道，它不过很浅，很浅。最深和最重的爱，必须和时日一起成长。
In this world, only those men who really feel happy can give women happiness.
在这个世界上，只有真正快乐的男人，才能带给女人真正的快乐。
An unacceptable love needs no sorrow but time- sometime for forgetting.A badly-hurt heart needs no sympathy but understanding.
一段不被接受的爱情，需要的不是伤心，而是时间，一段可以用来遗忘的时间。一颗被深深伤了的心，需要的不是同情，而是明白。
I know someone in the world is waiting for me, although I've no idea of who he is. But I feel happy every day for this.
我知道这世上有人在等我，尽管我不知道我在等谁。但是因为这样，我每天都非常快乐。
In your life, there will at least one time that you forget yourself for someone, asking for no result, no company, no ownership nor love. Just sk for meeting you in my most beautiful years.
一生至少该有一次，为了某个人而忘了自己，不求有结果，不求同行，不求曾经拥有，甚至不求你爱我。只求在我最美的年华里，遇到你。
I don't think that when people grow up, they will become more broad-minded and can accept everything.
我不觉得人的心智成熟是越来越宽容涵盖，什么都可以接受。
Conversely, I think it's aselecting process, knowing what's the most important and what's the least. And then be a simple man.
相反，我觉得那应该是一个逐渐剔除的过程，知道自己最重要的是什么，知道不重要的东西是什么。而后，做一个纯简的人。
When you feel hurt and your tears are gonna to drop. Please look up and have a look at the sky once belongs to us. If the sky is still vast , clouds are still clear, you shall not cry because my leave doesn't take away the world that belongs to you.
当你的心真的在痛，眼泪快要流下来的时候，那就赶快抬头看看，这片曾经属于我们的天空;当天依旧是那么的广阔，云依旧那么的潇洒，那就不应该哭，因为我的离去，并没有带走你的世界。
When someone appears in your dreams, it means that person misses you.
当某人出现在你的梦里，意味着那个人在想你
SCREENWRITERS -- I'm thinking of adapting this story into a short film. We need a script.
编剧--我想把这个故事改编成个小电影。我们需要剧本。
Two things instruct man about his whole nature; instinct and experience.
有两件东西教益于人的整个本性,一是本能,一是经验
Next week is the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) 2012 in SF where we'll celebrate technological innovation, share our latest advances and Intel's vision with thousands of attendees. I had a great time delivering the keynote at IDF2012 in Beijing. Check back here for updates.
下周在旧金山将举行2012年英特尔信息技术峰会（IDF），我们将与数以千计的参会者欢庆技术创新，分享我们的最新进展和英特尔的愿景。在北京的2012年春季IDF上，我曾经发表了主题演讲，那是一个激动人心的时刻。让我们再次回到IDF，看看又有哪些新内容
The new editor will rid the 18th-century text of its cobwebs.
新编者将从18世纪原文中删除不清楚的地方。
I'm at the Bush Airport in Houston, Texas where my father has a bigger than life statue and photos showing parts of his life.  One is of our family in 1964, the other is my father parachuting on his 75th birthday.  I keep running into family everywhere!
我在德州休斯顿的布什机场，这里有比真人还大的我父亲的雕像，以及有关他生活的照片。其中一张是1964年我们的家庭合影，另一张是他75岁时跳伞的照片。我在哪儿都碰到家人
Touch, voice control, facial recognition & gesture commands are already making their way into everyday personal computing. It's revolutionary, and about the best experience and interaction with a particular device. Cool stuff.
触控、语音控制、脸部识别和手势指令，正在融入日常的个人计算之中。这是革命性的技术，并且关乎最佳的体验以及与特定设备的互动——我看很酷
A tone of sarcastic contempt is maintained towards the person who shall presume to peruse Xenophon not in the original Greek, or Virgil not in the original Latin.
人们仍然以嘲讽和轻蔑的语气对待那些竟然不读色诺芬希腊语原著的人，或是那些不读维吉尔拉丁语原著的人。
sometimes you have to let things go，then there’s room for better things to come into your life.
有时你要学会放手，这样生命中才有足够空间迎接将要来临的美好。
Ensure all test specifications are written and displayed in the same format, shortening spec review time.
确保所有测试规范都以相同的格式编写和显示,以缩短规范的审查时间
Tomorrow night, I will be on Jay Leno for a performance and interview.
明天晚上，我会在Jay Leno的节目中表演，并且接受采访。
Hey guys. Auctioning some sweet M5 items Charitybuzz to benefit our friend zoefeldman. You can bid here http://t.cn/zW0rOBq
大家好！我们Mroon5正在Charitybuzz网站上拍卖一些物品，以帮助我们... http://t.cn/zW0rOB5
The Hobbit is really well shot, thanks to Jack and Jones for inviting us to watch it, you guys like The Hobbit or Lord of the Rings better?
哈比人历险记拍得真好,感谢杰克琼斯请我们去看，那么多媒体朋友在一起看电影的感觉好爽！大家喜欢哈比人历险记还是魔戒呢
I try to live fully so that when luck changes there will be little room for regret or recrimination over time lost or misspent.
我努力充实地生活，这样，当我背运时，我就不会后悔，也不会因为虚度时光而自责。
To Anderson Cooper, he's stumped. Because there's literally no way to put a positive spin on such incredibly ignorant and insensitive comments.
对Anderson Cooper说，他犯难了。因为真的没有人能够解释这些如此无知冷血的评论，减少人们的反感
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams in his heart.
只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。
Waiting for the coffee to kick in ... sleeping on set
正在等咖啡发挥效应...在片场睡觉
I think one of the most important things to be a good Leader is to know yourself.
我认为成为一个好的领导的一大要点是要了解自己。
Know what you like and don't like and what your real strengths and weaknesses are.
知道你喜欢什么和不喜欢什么，了解自己的长处和短处。
When you are honest with yourself you will be a better leader and also people will appreciate it!!
当你能坦诚面对自己的时候，你能成为一个更好的领导，而人们也会很赞赏你
Whitney Houston died yesterday. She was such a talented singer. She was only 48 year old.
惠特尼•休斯顿昨天去世了。她是一个有才华的歌手。她只有48岁
One of our favorite Northern California bands growing up was Far
我们一直以来最爱的Northern California乐队之一就是
In the case of contracts for an indefinite period, the monthly instalment multiplied by 48.
对于期限不确定的合同,估价基础应为月摊付额与48的乘积。
When the sun rises, the guard cells inflate and bulge to open the stomata, and photosynthesis begins.
当太阳升起时,这些保卫细胞充气并膨胀,打开了气孔,即开始了光合作用
China's trade surplus widens on weak imports, sending out mixed signals
中国的贸易顺差在疲软的进口上加宽, 发出了好坏参半的信号
Thank you to everyone around the world supporting The Airplane Boys & Beau Monde Movement. We see you, and promise new music sooner than later. Love you
谢谢全球每一位支持我们以及Beau Monde活动的朋友们。我们会和你们见面的，并承诺大家，尽早制作新音乐。爱你们
The most exciting film news of the day is not the Avengers trailer.
今天最让人兴奋的电影新闻不是《复仇者联盟》预告片。
Someone told me that if I published the 21 photo in my library it's good luck.  Well, this is the photo.  Robert with his sister Meredith.
有人告诉我如果我发布我相册里的第21张照片就会有好运气！好吧，就是这张照片。Robert和他的妹妹Meredith.
It's a wrap for Malay drama SYYY RAHSIA, thanks to all colleagues!
马来剧SYYY RAHSIA大收啦！谢谢全体工作人员
Rinse all the soap out of your hair after you wash it.
洗完头发后,用清水把头发上的肥皂洗干净
Everyone looked toward the red blur that Marie's candle made in the dark.
在黑暗中每一个人都把眼睛移到玛丽的那根蜡烛发出的光点上。
No turkey for me tonight- worst or best idea to get my wisdom teeth removed the day before thanksgiving?
今天晚上我没有火鸡吃啦-在感恩节前一天把智齿拿掉是一个好主意还是一个坏主意呢
Sorry guys for being AWOL recently. Vodaphone cut me off on Friday. It was their mistake.
不好意思。。。最近我擅离职守。。。上的星期五我的手机被切断了。是Vodaphone的错误
We can't make things cheaper than China, but we can make things better. That's how we're going to compete globally.
我们无法制造比中国更廉价的商品，但我们可以制造更好的商品。这就是我们未来全球竞争的方式
Me, or someone else, we have another relationship.He is the type of manager who is more focused on the eleven that starts. He is not talking a lot to the others.
我和其他人与主教练之间是另一种关系。雷德克纳普很关心主力球员，但很少和其他人说话。
he keeps asking if I wanna share a hooker and I can't tell if he's joking, and at some point I realize Reitman is nowhere to be found
他一直问我要不要和他一块要一个小姐，我都不知道他是在开玩笑还是怎么着。不知在什么时候我发现雷特曼不见了
OUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS GO OUT TO ALL THOSE IMPACTED BY 9/11
向所有受到9/11事件影响的人们送去我们的关心和祈祷
A tall stepladder stood in front of an opening which the grille had covered.
在原来铁栅栏盖着的那个洞口前面,放着一个高梯凳
The people you hire is the most important decision you will make. I want people who can work with others and get things done. That means people who listen, care about the business and other people, are eager to learn, simplify complex problems and are very consistent.
决定雇佣谁是个最重要的决定。我想要的那个人可以和他人合作并把事情做好。这意味着那个人会听取，会关心业务，关心他人，并且是渴望学习的，能把复杂问题简化，而且能够始终如一。
If the hardware is the brain and the sinew of the product, the software in the middle is the soul.
如果硬件是产品的大脑和肌肉，软件就是它的灵魂。// 好烂的比喻
Wishing all of you in China a very happy October holiday! Take lots of photos and show me! I want to see what you see!
祝愿我所有的中国粉丝度过一个愉快的国庆长假！多拍些美照，与我分享你们的美好时光吧！让我看到你们眼中的美景
Ask friends or coworkers what they're doing for lunch -- suggest a group outing.
问问朋友和同事们关于午餐的事——发起一次郊游。
Ricky Martin转自AaronCohen777：Gangs in the U.S. are moving from the drug trade into human trafficking. Why? It's profitable and harder to prosecute.
美国的犯罪团伙正在由贩毒转向拐卖人口。为什么？这个赚钱多，而且很难告发。 （15小时前
Above all, recognize that if you have had success, you’ve also had luck—and with luck comes obligation.
最重要的是要认识到，如果你成功了，这其中是有运气的成分的，而伴 随运气而来的是责任
This is just as a different character might have dreamt of making a dramatic century.
这就象一个局外人梦想创造一个打满百分的戏剧般的奇迹一样
When ever they hear the imperious cries of the people in a crisis, they respond.
每当这些人听到处在危机中的人们发出紧急呼救的时候,他们总是闻声而起的
To TeamDunDun, Saturday at 1 pm at bill hardwicks bowling alley
对TeamDunDun说，星期六下午一点在bill hardwicks保龄球馆见
I could not understand the words, but only the mood, sorrowful, vague and ethereal, of the singing.
我听不懂歌词的含义,但却能领略演唱时的那种凄楚、渺茫和超凡入圣的情绪。
All is riddle, and the key to a riddle… is another riddle. (Ralph Waldo Emerson, American poet and essayist, 1803-1882)
所有的事物都是谜，而解开一个谜的钥匙……是另一个谜。(拉尔夫·沃尔多·爱默生，美国诗人、散文家，1803-1882)
It seems that we have been used to chasing what we don't have,cherishing what we have lost,while ignoring what we own.
似乎我们已经习惯了追逐我们尚且没有的，珍视我们已然失去的，却忽视我们已经拥有的
Man can survive only when he has the substance; man can live only when he has ideal. Animals survive while men live-----by Victor Hugo
人有了物质才能生存；人有了理想才谈得上生活。你要了解生存与生活的不同吗？动物生存，而人则生活。——雨果
Happy in life, but who are willing to reject, who receive waiver, in fact, the palm happiness, as long as gently thrust, and this life will be as easily sunshine!
烤鸭一员#早安，烤鸭们# 生命中的快乐，有谁愿意拒绝，有谁傻傻放弃，幸福其实就在手心，只要轻轻握紧，生活的阳光此生将如影随形!
When a person “loses himself” inside the world of a fictional character, he may end up changing his own behavior to match that of the characte.
当读者沉浸在某个虚拟人物的世界里无法自拔时，他很有可能最终改变自己的行为方式，向该人物靠拢
China urges the Philippines to jointly address South China Sea confrontation
外交部发言人敦促菲律宾与中方共同努力解决黄岩岛海域对峙事件
Excited, on my way to buy my new bicycle, “Forever 28
兴奋，现在去买我新自行车，“永久28”在等我咯
Ricky Martin说：You can never make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
同样的错误绝不要犯两次。第二次犯错的时候，那就不再是错误，而是你主动的选择。
Sometimes you need to step back in order to see the world clear.
人生有的时候需要停下脚步，看看远方[呵呵]。
Loudwire picks STILL SWINGIN as one of 2012's Best Rock Songs!
Loudwire将STILL SWINGIN选为2012最佳摇滚类歌曲之一
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal.
"我梦想有一天，这个国家将会奋起，实现其立国信条的真谛：“我们认为这些真理不言而喻：人人生而平等。
Our schedule has not been finalized yet, but we will definitely be go to Shanghai and Beijing. Maybe other two or three cities. I will be update it more later.
我们的行程表还没有最终确定，但是肯定会去上海和北京。也许还会去其他两三个城市。我会迟一些就此再做更新。
Going to have poster shoot today, supposed to be sexy, but it seems all my fat goes to wrong area, just let it be and enjoy "Mandy Donald" egg burger first.
今天要拍摄微电影海报，据说我是性感的大咪咪老师，哇哈哈哈，果然脂肪长错地方是令人心虚的事情，不管，自己做＂蔓当劳＂蛋堡吃
It was winter and the streets were dark and crowded with returning commuters.
那时正是冬天,街道暗黑,挤满了使用月票上下班的回家的人
Thank you to everyone involved in the Birthday video! Just saw it, fantastic gift! A big “Thank You” from this old man. RP
谢谢所有为我制作生日视频的人！刚刚看了，超棒的生日礼物！我这个“老男人”谢谢你们。RP
We know that she had been deeply and incurably wounded, but the Doctor had no means of knowing it.
我们知道,她的心上留下了深深的,不可愈合的创伤,但医生无法了解这一点
At rehearsals for the European tour.  Check out my new pic.  Hope you all get one!!!
在为欧洲巡演排练中。快来看看我的新照片。希望你们每人都有一个
To MinaBluester, I always prefer coming up with my own conclusion instead of listening to others. :)
对 MinaBluester说，我总是喜欢得出自己的结论，而非一味听从别人的。:)
Allietotheb beautiful sight to see in the morning! How can we get that there, over here??!
Allietotheb 早上见到时景色很美！我们怎样才能到哪里，从这里走
We live in dread not only of unpleasant insects like spiders or wasps, but of quite harmless ones like moths.
我们不仅生活在对象蜘蛛或黄蜂这样的小虫的惧怕中,而且生活在对诸如飞蛾这样无害昆虫的惧怕中
Making music, shooting videos, finished the wire, catching up on breaking bad.
创造音乐，拍摄视频，看完电视剧《火线》，接着看《绝命毒师》。
These books, while informative, are not necessarily truthful by our standards.
这些书虽然资料丰富,按照我们的标准来看,却不一定是忠实可信的
Thanks to all the Shenyang fans who showed up at NBA Nation!
谢谢所有来到沈阳NBA Nation的现场的球迷们
Even when Hong Kong is grey sky, it still is beautiful to me.   What a magical place!!!   My second son, William was born on the Peak here.  Each of my four kids were born in a different place, which makes China, Hong Kong, Indonesia and America all special to me!!!
即便当香港的天空看上去是灰白色的，对我而言仍旧是很美丽的。多么神奇的地方！我的二儿子William就是在这山顶出生的。我的四个孩子都出生在不同的地方，分别是中国，香港，印尼和美国，这些地方对我意义特别
Luther's Protestantism is a grand theology, a sonorous earnest hardheaded Christianity.
路瑟的新教是一种宏伟的神学,一种恳切响亮、讲求实际的基督教
Which meal is usually not on the JGF daily menu but very tasty ???
哪一餐不通常在JGF的日常菜单上但是很美味
First you don't get it... Then you do... And then you can't UN-get it!
开始你会看不懂。。。然后你会突然明白。。。再然后你会忘不掉
A day that brings a new Patton Oswalt album is a day of mirth. (I'm talking about today, today's the day. With the album. And the mirth.
带来Patton Oswalt新专辑的一天是神奇的一天。（我就是说今天，今天就是那天。就是有专辑，有神奇的那个。
As much as I love watching the Olympics, sometimes it just stresses me out.
尽管我非常喜欢看奥运会，但有时候它让我超紧张。
Got 4 episodes of AngerMgmtFX sent out on the road. The show is excellent!  Perverse humor. Really well written. Cast is great. iiii]; )'
得到了4集AngerMgmtFX在路上发送的赠品。这个节目太精彩了！出奇制胜的幽默感，很好的剧本，完美的拍摄。iiii]; )
Although they look similar, these plants are actually quite distinct from each other.
尽管这些植物看去来很相似,实际上却属于不同的种类
Bet you I can go a week without saying "synergy" or "value-added".
我感打赌,我可以保证离开一星期不说"配合","贡献"等
is said that mice get married on the third day of the luner new year
听说初三老鼠娶亲噢，真是新年跨界多喜事呀
This is my "Gothic look",how can I say it in chinese?
这是我的"Gothic look",中文怎么说呢?
He solicited opinions about a variety of people without disclosing his intentions toward them.
他还征询我对许多人士的意见,但是没有表示他对他们有何打算
Such a fun day with my girl Courtne in the Bu! lol.
今天和我的女孩儿Courtne在Bu玩的很开心!哈哈
China on Monday said it will work closely with the Republic of Korea (ROK) to properly handle the clash between Chinese fishermen and ROK coastguards. Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Weimin made the remarks in response to a question at a daily news briefing.
昨日，在外交部例行记者会上，针对韩国海警与中国渔民发生冲突致人员伤亡一事，外交部发言人刘为民表示，中方已多次采取措施加强渔民教育，希望韩方保证中国渔民合法权益并给予应有的人道主义待遇。
Things have slowed down a bit in your social life -- but a break is a good thing.
你的社交生活似乎有所停滞——但稍事修整也并非坏事。
Today your imagination, dreams and fantasies will entertain the people around you.
今天，身边的人们会因为你的想象力、梦想与幻想而感受乐趣。
My second son William is also playing football this year.  So both sons playing on same team.   William looks cool in his uniform!!!!!
小儿子William今年也开始踢足球了。所以2个儿子都在一个队里啦。William穿着制服多酷呀
Feeling fragile? Let those in power know that this is not the best time for you.
感觉脆弱？让那些上位者知道，现在不是你的最佳时机。
I held tight to the world, but rejected. If I had saved the effort, would the pain be less?
我用力抓紧世界，最终却仍被世界淘汰。 如果一开始就松手，我的痛苦会不会少些？
Parfois, tout ce dont j'ai besoin est quelqu'un qui me serre dans ses bras en silence.
有时候，只是想有个人安静地抱抱我。
[Believe me, maybe there will be one day, you will have new understanding of the unforgettable past: It's good that you are not the one accompanying me to the end.
相信我，也许有一天，你会对那些念念不忘的过去有新的领悟：还好不是你，陪我到最后
Memories can make you smile, but it can very well make you cry hard.
回忆，有时令你嘴角上扬，有时也能让你潸然泪下
Story eventually, i can only one man looked at the memory of the nicety lost
故事的最终，我只能一个人望着天空回忆那年遗失的美好
Forever is a long time and time has a way of changing things.
永远是一段很长的时间，而时间是改变事物的一种方式。
Always needs warm some. Even if is the commemoration which thinks oneself infallible little.
总是需要一些温暖。哪怕是一点点自以为是的纪念 www.mywenzhang.com
it’s easy to stand with the crowd but it takes courage to stand alone
从众很容易，独守信念却需勇气。
Sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears.
有时候，惟有一场眼泪，我们才彻底清晰了视线
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals-this alone is worth the struggle.
坚信过，尝试过，为自己确定的理想努力过——就不枉此番奋斗！
There can be no friendship where there is no freedom. Friendship loves a free air, and will not be fenced up in straight and narrow enclosure.
没有自由就没有友谊。友谊需要自由，不只是限定在狭小的圈子里。
Method goes far to prevent trouble in business: for it makes the task easy, hinders confusion, saves abundance of time, and instructs those that have business depending, both what to do and what to hope.
好的方法不仅仅能减少麻烦，它能将事情变的容易，它能扫清疑惑，它能节省时间，它能教导那些有想法的人，告诉他们如何去寄予希望，如何去实施。
Justice is the insurance which we have on our lives and property. Obedience is the premium which we pay for it.
公平是我们财富及生活的保险，忠实及顺从则是我们所付的保险费。
If there is any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as I shall not pass this way again.
如果我有机会表达我的善心，展示我的善举，我会马上实施，不带任何的迟疑，因为我以后可能再也没有这样的机会了。
Death it but crossing the world, as friends do the seas; they live in one another still.
死亡仅仅是世界的穿梭——如同朋友穿越海洋一样——他们在另外的世界里依然永存。
The more you express gratitude for what you have, the more you have to express gratitude for.
你越感激生活，你就越富有。
Each day is a miniature lifetime, and your attitude concerning each day makes a difference.
每一天都是一个小人生。你每天的态度都很重要！
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
在你的心上写上这句话：每一天都是一年中最好的一天！
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
我们靠所得来谋生，但靠给予来创造生活。
Have positive work attitude and be willing and able to work diligently without supervision。
有积极的工作态度，愿意和能够在没有监督的情况下勤奋地工作。
The main qualities required are preparedness to work hard, ability to learn, ambition and good health.
主要必备素质是吃苦耐劳精神好、学习能力优、事业心强和身体棒。
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
我们都生活在阴沟里，但仍有人仰望星空。
Other men live to eat, while I eat to live. - Socrates
别人为食而生存，我为生存而食。
Our strongest rival in love is not an intruder but the time.
我们最大的情敌，不是第三者，而是岁月。
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
希望是美好的，也许是人间至至美；美好的事物永不消逝。
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
一日之计在于晨。
Today I‘ll do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t.
今天我愿意做别人不愿做的事，明天我就可以做别人不能做的事。
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
决定我们一生的，不是我们的能力，而是我们的选择。
The young always have the same problem: how to rebel and conform at the same time.
年轻人都会有同样的问题——既要叛逆，又想保持一致。
The happiest people are those who can really appreciate the beauty of life.
最幸福的人们懂得欣赏生活的美好。
All human wisdom is summed up in two words: wait and hope.
人类所有的智慧可以归结为两个词：等待和希望。
If widespread, such large space velocities could make a distribution typical of young stars mimic that of old stars.
如果广泛存在,这样大的空间速度,就可能使年青星的典型分布与老星分布相似
DV here. One of the worst kept secrets on tour is Ike's candy stash in his work ... - Dan Vickrey
在此。巡演中人人尽知的秘密就是Ike在他的工作柜抽屉中藏了...
To Sophie Illamasqua man! I was SO HAPPY to have found the flagship store!
对Sophie,Illamasquashu说，朋友！我真高兴找到了那家旗舰店
Some romances take time to develop. Be passionate, but also have patience.
恋情需要时间来使它变得成熟。保持激情，但也须具备耐心。
He was tantalized by her beauty, but lacked the courage to speak to her.
他被她的美貌弄得心荡神驰,可缺乏勇气向她表白。
Just texted Adrian to see if he's really on Twitter or if its just a fake.No suprise, Adrian is NOT on Twitter, just a fake. see, thats why I dont like fakes.
我之前给阿德里安（舒蒂尔）发短信，问推特上是不是他，不出意外，他不在推特上，那是假的。这就是为什么我讨厌假货。
Today I asked the teacher if Paris made a Valentine’s Day card as she did not bring one home. Not all the children made one. I like seeing her artwork.
今天我问老师如果Paris做了一个情人节卡为， 应为她没有带一个回家。并不是所有的孩子们做了一个。我喜欢看她的艺术品
The universe was created out of a primordial ball of matter.
宇宙是从一个本来就存在著的球体中产生出来的。
Break Up Club movie is really very nice to watch. Every actor has done well, especially for both main leads whom were very realistic. There were many unexpected scenes. There's both tears and laughter. Cried till my blouse became wet!!
旦哥，分手說愛你真的很好看，每一位演員都做得很好，由其兩位主角很真實，而且有很多意想不到的橋段，笑中有淚，淚中有笑，哭到我上衣也濕了
All forms of reciprocal theorems apply to structures which behave linearly.
所有形式的互等定理都适用于线性受力状态的结构
Females will be a prominent force today, so listen to the softer voices around you.
今天，女性将会是一股突出的力量，所以你应该听听身边的那些柔美话音
Many towels look alike看起来很相像 Please make sure you take the right one off of the towel rack
请肯定你从毛巾架上拿下来的是自己的那个哦。有趣的是看到off后面接着of ，念起来会不会像口吃？哈
Getting ready & excited 4 2day! I’m hitting the iTunes Festival stage in London at 9PM BST / 4PM EDT. ;-) http://t.cn/zlGYgtI
正在为今天的演出做准备，真是超兴奋哪！我将在英国夏令时晚上9点（即北京时间凌晨4点）站上伦敦iTun... http://t.cn/zlGYgtf
Rock Song Of The Year? It's up to you ...  http://t.cn/zjQxVvB
年度摇滚金曲？选择权在你们手里... http://t.cn/zjQxVv1
Thanks so much to XiaoPeng for the book he gave me, "Why do we travel?, Im going to start reading it! BTW. If I was to write a book, what should I write about?
感谢@背包客小鹏 送给我的书“我们为什么旅行”，要赶快开始读！BTW.想问问大家，如果我写书的话，主题应该是什么呢
Oh yeah, Happy Thanksgiving! Almost forgot what day it was. iiii]; p
哦耶，感恩节快乐！差点忘记今天是什么日子了。iiii]; p
CFLP issues the data with NBS China's official manufacturing PMI rose to 50.6 in November, pointing to a moderate recovering growth.
中国物流与采购联合会和国家统计局联合发布11月份官方制造业采购经理人指数升至50.6，表明经济增长温和复苏。
Someone in the crowd told me I looked like woody from toy story. thanks?
观众中的某人告诉我我看起来像《玩具总动员》里面的Woody。谢谢
So we stumble shit-faced onto Lankershim, and there's this used car lot across the street. And we both spot this 78 Impala.
然后我们就醉得一塌糊涂地跑到Lankershim去了，街对面有一个二手车场。我们都看见了一辆78年的英帕拉
Good morning!! The weather looks awesome to shoot on the beach!! Yeah
!! 早晨！今日天氣真好，至正係今日會喺沙灘到拍戲！爽
In spite of her small vanities, Margaret had a sweet and pious nature.
玛格丽特尽管有些小小的虚荣心,天性却很温柔纯洁。
I'm up I'm up! Get all my stuff together then off to the airport and fly to Haerbin!
起来了起来了起来了！要收拾东西就去机场飞哈尔滨，嘿嘿
Cultural fit is incredibly important on a candidate’s abilities to use his skills, you have a positive effect through skills, but culture completely cancels that out.
文化契合度至关重要。求职者的技能会给企业带来好处，但是如果存在文化方面的冲突，这一好处将完全被抵消
Day 3 is over ! Got a lot better today. Looking forward to Friday and then Saturdays game !
篮球训练第三天结束！今天感觉好多了。非常期待周五和周六的比赛
Watch Shakira in an The Voice special on Extra. Preview at http://t.cn/zTdq8ZQ ShakHQ
快来看看夏奇拉做客Extra节目“美国之声”特辑的预告吧。ShakHQ
When you finish one level exercise, please don't forget to schedule a review with your PM.
完成了一个级别八个单元练习后，记得和学习进度主任约时间做学习回访喔
A rebuttal to someone who doesn't have the problem himself but is trying to offer advice.
驳斥某人未曾体验某事之艰难,不明就里,却妄图给人忠告
Change to Organic Milk is a hot topic for schools but not many Chinese parents know about the benefits of Organic Milk. This topic often discussed at my daughter’s school.
改变有机牛奶为学校是一个热门话题,但不是许多中国父母了解有机牛奶的好处。人们经常讨论这个话题,在我女儿的学校。
BAHAMAS one of the GREATEST places on EARTH! Absolutely beautiful! And everyone was SO nice!
巴哈马是全球最棒的地方之一！风景美不胜收！而且每个人都很友善
We've just added a show in Manila, Philippines on August 13.
我们刚在菲律宾马尼拉增加了一场8月13日的演出。
let's work outYour body is a beautiful machine. Eat right and exercise.
你的身体是台精美的机器。要保持良好的饮食习惯，常锻炼
Paulson & Co. started moving into beaten-down financial stocks in the first quarter of 2009. Depending on the exact timing of the trades, the moves were potentially very profitable.
鲍尔森公司在2009年第一季度开始买入深受打击的金融股。取决于准确的交易时机，这一举动有可能非常盈利。
The whole of their drive to the Vicarage was spent by him in expressing his discontent.
他们坐马车到牧师住宅的整个路程,完全消磨在发泄他的不满上面
But I also suspect that their heads are cautioning against spending a lot of money in an attempt to accomplish a difficult, if not impossible, task.
但我还认为，新兴市场首脑对于朝艰巨（甚至是不可能完成的）任务投入重金还是心存顾虑的。
The most wonderful feeling is when he is staring at you before you look at him.
最美妙的感受就是当你看着他的时候，他已经在凝视你了
We've found a good carpenter to build some bookcases for us.
他们找了个好木匠为我们做一些书橱。
Looper will complete what I'm calling my "I made three movies" trilogy.
电影Looper环形使者将会为‘我的三部曲' 划上完美的句号。
A great workplace is where we can explore multiple careers in one company. I’ve been at Intel for 30 years and love hearing about Intel employees who have spent most, if not all, of their careers here. At Intel there are always opportunities to keep us energized and passionate.
最佳工作场所应该是这样的，我们可以在一家公司内探索多元职业发展。我在英特尔工作了近30年，很喜欢听到有英特尔员工说，他们在这里走过了职业生涯的大部分（即使不是全部）。在英特尔，有很多的机会让我们始终精神抖擞、充满激情。
Chinese architect Wang Shu has won this year’s Pritzker Architecture Prize. He’s the first Chinese citizen to receive the industry’s top award. Video
王澍获建筑类最高奖普利兹克奖，这也是该奖首次颁给中国人。此前，美籍华人贝聿铭在1983年获得这项大奖。
We're excited to confirm that Shakira will join as a new coach on the 4th season of NBC's hit show The Voice!
我们非常激动的宣布，Shakira将作为新评委加盟NBC电视台最热门的选秀节目《美国之声》第四季
joerogan count me in! Emailing you back as we speak! - joerogan
算我一个！之后我会在邮件里和你详谈
(3D)！I like this movie. I have seen many times before. Should look even better in
我喜欢这部电影。我已经看过很多次才。应该更好的在三维
Prepare yourself for a day full of opportunity and activities -- revise your resume!
准备迎接这个充满了机会和活动的日子吧。完善你的简历
Next year will ......I strongly believe that this will be an important opportunity to grasp the universal social and cultural extent of the tragedy.
明年是切诺贝尔灾难20周年。我强烈地认为这将使我们有重要的机会掌握了解该悲剧的普遍社会及其文化影响
this moment, I have the deepest yearning to cloud Qiaoqu full blessing embellishment you sweet dreams, you would like to have a happy Feast.
这一刻，有我最深的思念， 让云捎去满心的祝福，点缀你甜蜜的梦，愿你拥有一个幸福快乐的元宵节
This is a picture of Ashley at Lauren's wedding in September.  Beautiful daughter and proud dad!
这是Ashley在9月Lauren婚礼上的一张照片。漂亮的女儿和骄傲的爹
Tonight was your night Sasha Allen! You left everything on that stage and gave us Sasha Fierce!
Sasha Allen今晚是属于你的！你在舞台上释放了所有，让我们看见了强悍的Sasha
Learn about your connection with the past -- get in touch with an older relative.
追溯你与过去的联系--去与一个旧亲戚联系联系吧。
Had such an amazing time with Oprah during my interview for Master Class.
在我和奥普拉为Master Class作采访的期间，度过了美好的时光
Think you can only connect with that cutie in your dreams? Think again -- say hi.
你觉得自己只能和梦中情人在梦中相会吗？再想想吧——其实只要说声“嗨”。
Yesterday my team lost 4-2... a shame, but we played 10 Vs 11 for the entire second half, so it wasn't easy. Same for Roma, at the very last moment Klose managed to score... but probably Lazio did deserve to win.
昨天我的圣安娜队2-4输了...有些惭愧，但是整个下半场我们都在十人作战，所以并不容易。罗马也是一样，克洛泽在最后时刻进了球...然而有可能拉齐奥确实值得打赢
The veneer of artificiality which she had acquired at the fashionable schools were thrown off.
那种她在时髦学校里沾染的不自然的虚饰都被抛到了九霄云外。
Viddy's now on Android sooo Hannah Spears & I wanted to say... - Viddy
应用程序现可下载到安卓系统，所以Hannah Spears和我想打个招...
QOTD: "It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf." -Walter Lippmann
每日一言:''智慧需要被理解:如果听众是个聋子,那么这音乐就没有任何意义.''-Walter Lippmann
Great work by the Intel subsidiary, Wind River, which built the software to help NASA send the Curiosity Rover to Mars! What an accomplishment. I'm excited to see what the most sophisticated machine NASA has ever sent to another planet discovers.
英特尔子公司——风河公司以出色的工作，为“好奇号”火星车开发软件，帮助美国航空航天局（NASA）成功将它送到火星上！这是怎样的成就！“好奇号”是NASA发送到另一颗行星上最智能的机器，它所发现的世界让我倍感兴奋
I love the Daily Show. I just love it. A lot. Like, a lot a lot.
我喜欢《每日秀》。我就是喜欢。超级喜欢。
cute baby french bulldog playing with baby bengal tiger -too cute!
可爱的小法牛和小孟加拉虎一起玩耍—太可爱了!
My favorite nails: Week 3! I luvvv these lemon nails w/ the blue dress!
第三周我最爱的指甲油！我超喜欢这个柠檬色的指甲油，搭配蓝色的裙子
She took a clerking job in a grocery store because her apartment was on the floor above it and between customers she could run up and keep an eye on the babies.
她选择在一家杂货店当营业员，因为她的公寓就在楼上，没有顾客的时候可以跑上楼照看一下孩子。
The other figure, a burly man with a reddish face was returning.
另一个人往回走来,他身体结实,红光满面
This is the best feeling. I have the best friends in the world.We dance a lot
这是最棒的体验。我拥有这个世界上最好的朋友，能和他们一起常常舞蹈
productive day in the studio today, can't wait for ya'll to hear this story..
今天在录音室度过了充实的一天，等不及想让你们听到这个故事了。
Hey! Free Angry Birds app... I don't wanna shop on Groupon or buy another dumb app. I wanna throw this bird at one of those ugly green pigs.
嗨！免费的愤怒的小鸟app...我不想在Groupon上买东西或者买另一个很傻的app。我想把这只鸟掷向那些丑陋的绿色小猪中的一只
The best grocery store salsa I've ever had was in Laredo!!   -Jerry
我在Laredo家发现了最棒的杂货店沙司！！-Jerry
Under the earths crust is the mantel, which is made up of molten rock, metals and other materials.
地壳以下是地幔,它是由熔化的岩石、金属和其它材料组成的
Can't wait for u all to hear Ooh LaLa Tomorrow :)
迫不及待的想要让你们所有人在明天听“Ooh LaLa”:)
Today The Chief is visiting Yihaodian, the e-commerce retailer.  Here I am in their control room.  They track and care about what their consumers are buying and telling them.  This control room shows what is happening on their website and business real time. What a cool Company!!
今天老大去拜访了一号店，网上零售商。照片中我在他们的控制室。他们关注客户所买的东西，也关注客户的回馈信息。这个控制室真实显示了网上发生的情况和实时生意状况。多么酷的公司呀
The biological timekeeper deep in the brain that governs when we sleep and when we wake runs at a faster pace in women, a new study shows, NPR reported.
据美国国家公共广播电台(NPR)报道，最新研究显示，较之于男性，女性大脑中控制何时入睡、何时清醒的生物钟走得更快
turns out that I have roadrage too,  I scared myself today by yelling"You stupid idiot !" to another driver on the road.
原来我也是路怒族，今天竟然对另一个司机大喊：“你傻子呀！”把我自己都下了一跳，以后注意。
Ricky Martin说：Thank you JoyVBehar for using your show as a platform to educate America about child sex trafficking!! #stopslaverynow# 谢谢Joy Behar
用你的表演作为平台来教育美国关于儿童性贩卖的情况！（3小时前）（Joy Behar为美国喜剧演员
Simply one of the best bands of the past decade,Field Report returns to The Outl... - Field Report
是过去十年最棒的乐队之一，他们将于3月16日回归“亡命之...
But the bidding consortium and the target have hired western public relations firms and are trading terms like “compelling” and “opportunistic.
但出价的财团与目标方都已聘请了西方公关公司，并用“令人信服”和“机会主义”之类言语针锋相对。
The Chief did a quick visit to the gym so it's been a long day.  I have a conference call at 9 pm tonight so I am just reading and relaxing in my room until then.  Ha ha!!
老大去了一小会儿健身房，还不尽兴，觉得真是漫长的一整天啊！因为今天晚上9点我还有个电话会议，所以现在就在房里看看书放松一下。 哈哈
Most of the girls' problem is remembering too much, while most of the boys' problem is forgetting too soon.
大多数女孩子的问题是，她们记得的太多，而大多数男孩子的问题是，他们忘记得太快。
The world knows what is needed: fair trade, increase ...... The recent G8 agreement on debt relief for the poorest nations was a positive step.
世界知道需要什什么：公平贸易，增加直接援助吗，减免债务。最近八国集团商定减免穷国债务，就是积极步骤。
I felt awsome on stage! We really enjoyed tonight!  Shak
我在舞台上感觉棒极了！我们今晚真的过的很开心！Shak
Another good team win tonight . We are slowly getting better each game !
今晚我们球队再次获胜。每一场比赛，我们都渐渐打得越来越好
Having a Project X viewing party at the house. It'll be like watching a home movie. iiii]; )'
在家里办了X项目的观赏会。就像在家里看电影一样。iiii]; )'
New Sabbath song is great! I'm sooo stoked. It's excellent! iiii] D'
Sabbath的新歌真是太棒了！我完全被征服了。真的是一首很优秀的作品
"Every great achievement is a dream before it becomes reality, and [Lee's] vision was of a state that would not simply survive but prevail by excelling.
"/。“伟大的成就在实现之前都只是梦想而已。李光耀的远景目标不仅是让新加坡生存，而是要成就卓越。”——基辛格
Only 8.9% say they have never planned to switch jobs. Unchanged wages topped the list of job-hopping reasons in 2011.
8%的职场人有跳槽的想法，并已着手寻找新工作，”涨薪不力”是2011年职场人跳槽的首要原因。
Amsterdam, we've had two brilliant shows thus far in Brussels and Paris.  You ready to take it up a notch tonight?  Having a blast out here!
阿姆斯特丹的粉丝们，我们已经在布鲁塞尔和巴黎举行了两场超棒的演唱会，你们今晚有信心超越它们造就更加精彩绝伦的演唱会吗？太开心了
Two are griefs, and one is a treasure to the soul.
两种是愁与苦,一种是灵魂之宝藏。
The announcement helped lift European bank shares and major European stock lists.
这一消息提振了欧洲银行股和欧洲主要股市行情。
And, in a few minutes his first show at Crystal Hall！Baku
几分钟过后他就要在巴库的Crystal Hall开始他的第一次表演了
Do not disturb. This is amazing... life is but a dream
不要打扰我。这个太令人惊叹了...《人生梦一场
Two years ago I cut out sugar from my coffee. Now I'm slowly cutting out cream. Next to go: water.
两年前我戒掉了咖啡里的糖。现在我打算慢慢戒掉练奶，下一步：水。
In a few minutes it will be our baby's first time on stage and precisely at a football event! Magic Shak
几分钟之后，我们的宝宝就要首次登上舞台，而且恰好是在一场足球活动中！Magic Shak
In Zambia now- a firsthand view of HIV work and progress. Some more on what's working & where we can do more
我现在津巴布韦，第一现场查看艾滋病工作和过程，更多有关正在做的和我们在哪些地方能做的更多，见下
To MrGeneHong: I'd love to get through one meal without my best friend bragging about how JerrySeinfeld follows him and not me.
对MrGeneHong说：我多想跟我最好的朋友吃顿正常的饭，用餐期间他不会吹嘘JerrySeinfeld在微博上关注他而没有关注我
Another day of music in this city I love! where it all began
在这个我喜欢的城市又度过了和音乐相伴的一天
Car plate number restrictions will not be implemented during the New Year period and a new cycle of number restriction will begin after the holiday.
转发微博北京交管局消息：元旦期间北京地区机动车将不受尾号限行限制, 节后尾号将轮换。
you put these movies up in storyboard form, a lot of things come to light that aren’t clear when you’re reading words on a printed page.” - Lee Unkrich
一旦你把剧情以故事板的形式呈现，很多在读剧本时不明了的细节都能一目了然。--李·昂克里奇
Shak is a guest on tonight's Jimmy Kimmel Live on ABC in the US! ShakiraHQ
夏奇拉今晚将会做客美国ABC电视台的《吉米现场秀》！ShakiraHQ
Savvy Chinese Internet users have found a way to escape their fetters without a VPN to get around the Facebook, YouTube and a host of other foreign sites.
聪明的中国互联网用户找到了一种不用VPN也能翻墙的办法登陆Facebook、YouTube和一系列其他外国网站。
In the U.S., 50% of pet owners consider their pets to be full members of the family. And 43% feed the animals people food.
在美国，50%的宠物主将宠物视为完整家庭成员，43%的宠物主用人粮喂养宠物。请看VOA专题报道
HSBC says Asia will lead global trade growth for years and that China and India can expect to see double-digit annual export growth for decades. That’s no surprise, as China leads the world in many things.
汇丰银行预计，亚洲将主导接下来几年的全球贸易增长，而中国和印度在未来数十年内，年出口将会实现两位数的增长。这并不意外，因为中国在全球众多领域都处于领先位置。
Just attended the WGG dance hiphop class, tough. Also wore my Nike+ sportwatch record my progress, the running equivalent of my dance steps was 5.2km，Awesome!
刚参加了@WGG舞公馆 的街舞舞蹈课，很厉害。带了我NIKE+SPORTWATCH记录，跳了一个半小时的舞等于跑步5.2公里，赞
You missed a performance by Maroon 5 on the Today Show this morning? You can watch it below! http://t.cn/zl3qP71
如果你错过了@Maroon5_Official 今早在《今日秀》节目上的表演，那就来以下网站看看吧
A group of determined leaders, mostly from middle-income countries, are discussing shared concerns: free and fair trade, targeted aid and more.
一群坚定的领导人，多数来自中等收入国家，正在讨论共同的关切：自由与公平贸易，有针对性的援助等等
A little kiss for my shakifans to thank you, you are the best in the whole world!!! -Shak
给我的粉丝们送上飞吻，以表达我对你们的谢意，你们是世界上最棒的！！！-Shak
As a proof of his love, he spent all his money on a ring for her.
作为爱情的证明,他把自己所有的钱用来为她买了一枚戒指
Learning 1 of 9 about characteristics of Happy People based on research: Happy people devote a great amount of time to their family and friends, taking care, nurturing and enjoying those relationships.  They appreciate the value of family and friends and spend time showing it.
研究显示，快乐的人的9大特征之一是：快乐的人对自己的家人和朋友会很用心，会花时间关心照顾他们，浇灌友情，并且很享受这样的关系。他们非常珍惜感激所获得的亲情和友情，并会显示出来
I believe that life, just for this reason, is exceedingly enhanced in value, in charm.
正因为如此，我相信生命的价值和魅力将会不断增长。
Guys, you may know that the easiest way to get a girl to calm down is a tight hug and a tender kiss . Believe it or not!
男生们，你们要知道，吵架时最简单能让女生安静下来的方法就是紧紧的抱着她，给她一个温柔的吻。信不信由你
The primeval chaos out of which it was believed that the earth and sky were formed.
混沌,洪荒:原始的混沌状态,据信地球和天空由此形成。
Underline the infinitives in the following sentences and tell their functions.
用横线划出下列句子中的不定式,并说出它们的作用
Before I windup, there are two more things to be said.
在我结束讲话之前,还有两件事要说。
Today I will fly to Canada. My plane will be delayed. I hope I can make my connecting flight in Toronto.
今天,我将乘飞机去加拿大。我的飞机会延迟。我希望我能让我的转机班机在多伦多。
Matter was supposed to contain, besides its material constituents, an ethereal fluid.
物质,除了它的实质性的成分外,被想象为含有某种微妙的流质
The heaviest fighting erupted late Saturday in the southern province of Kandahar.
在坎大哈南部省市,一场最为猛烈的战争在周六晚些时候爆发了
To davidoostenbrug ahahah! Glad you can see the poetic nature of that one-liner. ;)
对davidoostenbrug说，哈哈！很高兴你能看出那个小笑话背后的诗意。;)
It is impossible to judge from his sonorous homilies just where Harding stood on any specific issue.
要从哈定声音洪亮而内容可厌的说教里判断他对任何具体问题的立场是不可能的
The Chief on the back roads of Western China going for his next market visit!!!!!
老大正在中国西部的返回路上，接着走下一个市场
Maybe it's just on illusion,to hope behind the clouds,you'll find the sun.
或许这还只是幻想,希望拨开层层乌云,你能找到太阳.
My cousin is launching a photography exhibit in the USA this week! Very cool photos.
我的表哥是有一个摄影展本周在美国推出！非常酷的照片
beaches in thailand r unreal - bangkok show will be live
泰国的海滩太不真实了，明天将在曼谷表演
No publicity is ever too obscure, too late or too free.
宣传不嫌出名，不嫌晚，不嫌免费。
Your future depends on your dreams. So go to sleep. –Garfield
现在的梦想决定着你的将来，所以还是再睡一会吧。- 加菲猫​
If youth be a defect, it is one that we outgrow only too soon.
假如青春也是一种缺憾，那就是它逝去得太快。
If you always expect the worst, you will never be disappointed.
如果你总是期待最坏的，你永远不会失望。
When you finally go back to your old hometown, you find it wasn't the old home you missed but your childhood.
当你终于重归故里，你会发现自己一直思念的，不是故乡而是童年。
If winter comes, can spring be far behind? - P. B. Shelley
冬天来了，春天还会远吗？- 雪莱，P.B.
A happy marriage is a long conversation that always seems too short.
幸福的婚姻，是一次让人意犹未尽的长谈。
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
千里之行，始于足下。
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
世界是一本书，不旅行的人只读了一页。
Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort. ( Shakespeare )
不要只因一次挫败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。（莎士比亚）
I can NOT stop singing this Solange Knowles song! Love, Love, Love!
我无法停止吟唱Solange Knowles的这首歌！大爱啊
Going through all my galleries for my website is a huge task, found some old Sprite singing competition pics. Good memories, Who was that guy? haha
整理网站所有相册是一件大事，找到了以前的”我行我秀“图片。好记忆。哪个小伙子是谁啊？哈哈
In fact, there are many programs that contain no arithmetic whatsoever.
事实上,在许多程序中根本不包含有算术运算。
"The big thing is not what happens to us in life - but what we do about it when it happens to us" ~ GH Allen
重要的不在于我们人生中发生了什么，而是遇到事情时我们如何应对—GH Allen
Have you heard the expression "live and learn"? Over the next few days I will post 45 lessons life taught a 90 year old woman named Regina Brett. These lessons apply to my life and will to yours as well.
你听说过“活到老学到老”的说法吗？接下来的几天，我将转帖45条有关生活的启示，它们来自一位名叫Regina Brett的90岁的老妇人。这些启示适用于我的生活，也将适用于你
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great”. - Mark Twain.
远离那些藐视你梦想的人,卑微的人总是如此.但是,那些真正伟大的人会使你感觉到你也能成为伟人.- 马克.吐温
It is a very warm night I willl blend some lavender with my aloe vera and seaweed gel to smooth into my face & then relax!
这是一个非常温暖的夜晚，我把一些薰衣草，芦荟和海藻胶融合平滑的涂在脸上，然后放松
To Svaleri826: Personally, I'm w/u but the weird thing is they're the most popular by far. Tourdates & album covers... (shrug) Who knew?
对Svaleri826说：我和你想的一样，但是奇怪的是他们是目前为止最受欢迎的。巡演和专辑封面。。。谁知道呢
Modernizing a business to increase its profitability and competitiveness is a complicated affair.
使企业现代化,从而达到增加利润,增强竞争力的目的,是一件复杂的事情
catch some new heat at GG Worldwide, new releases coming soon.
快去GG Worldwide网站听听一些新的热门歌曲吧，新的歌曲即将发行
I don't want the whole world/The sun, the moon, and all their light/I just want to be the only girl/You love all your life.
我不要全世界,这太阳、月亮和日月的光亮。我只想成为你一生挚爱的唯一的女子
New blog post coming up soon on http://t.cn/zjSEE8u !!! Day 2  Macau
新博文即将在以下网站更新！！！在澳门的第二天
Rain and snow will sweep south China in the coming three days.
今后三天，南方大部分地区将出现雨雪天气。
a packed store was turnt up today.. much love! s/o the bro jack
今天现身于一家拥挤的商店...非常有爱的粉丝们！谢谢兄弟Jack
They would run down their trade surpluses and, in some cases, allow their currencies to appreciate.
新兴国家将减少其贸易盈余，在某些情况下还将允许本币升值。
the Teen Choice Awards! Im representing the girls out there,solo up against all the boys.Lets show them who's the best!
去TCA网投票!我将在那代表女生们,来单独对抗所有男生.让他们看看谁才是最厉害的!
Rolling in the deep,you had my heart inside of your hand,and you played it to the beat.
内心深处爱恨交织,你俘虏了我的芳心,但是你玩弄它,伴着每一次心跳.
It was tough but I was able to produce a pretty good performance and I'm ecstatic about the result. [On beating Phelps in the race of the century, as it was billed, at the 2004 Olympics] - lan Thorpe
那（比赛）很艰难，但我能够做出一个漂亮的上等表演，并且对于结果我心若狂喜。（在2004年雅典奥运会上的被称之为世纪比赛中打败菲尔普斯时）”——鱼雷伊恩·索普
If you stay flexible, you will be able to give nervous folks the space they need.
只要保持灵活，你就能让那些焦虑的人们拥有宁静的空间
...from the bay area n the san fran giants yall did dat!  Yeeeeeeeeeeeeee!! Bay area!
...从海湾地区和旧金山巨人队，你们都做到了！耶！！海湾地区
Grow old along with me, the best is yet to be. (Robert Browning, English poet, 1812-1889)
执子之手，与子偕老。(罗伯特·布朗宁，英国诗人，1812-1889)
When there's snow on the ground, I like to pretend I'm walking on clouds.
当我走在雪地上，我会假装自己走在云端。
Words may be false and full of arts, sighs are the natural language of the heart.
言语可以是谎言并带有技巧；叹息才是心灵的自然流露。
Smile, open your eyes, love and go on. (David Harkins, British Poet and Painter)
睁开双眼，笑对人生，用爱继续生活。(大卫•霍金斯，英国诗人、画家)
No matter how long the rain lasts, there will be a rainbow in the end.
无论下多久的雨，最后都会有彩虹。
When light scatters off the electrons, it gives them a jolt that changes their motion.
光波受到电子散射时,给电子一个反冲因而改变了它们的运动
To GspotLA highvoltagetat I'm way ahead of you... Already own that. ;)
对GspotLA和highvoltagetat说，我比你们快了很多。。。已经拥有了。;)
Today is Thanksgiving in the US and I'm particularly thankful this year for all of the amazing people that have made my 30 years at Intel so satisfying. You are an inspiration I will continue to tap long into retirement.
今天是美国的感恩节。今年感恩节，我想特别感谢所有给我帮助的人，大家让我在英特尔30年的时间如此丰富多彩。在我退休之后，我将会继续从你们身上获得力量
More couples postponing marriage and often choosing to cohabit without tying the knot.
更多的人推迟结婚计划，宁愿选择同居而不是一纸婚书。
Every year the "Mark" family sends out a Xmas card to all of our friends and relatives, even though it's kind of early, I want to wish everyone a Merry Xmas!
每一年我们“麦”家族都会送给朋友和亲戚一张“圣诞节卡片”，虽然有点早我还是祝大家，“圣诞节快乐”！有没有感觉呢
An early start today. I’m currently on the fast train. Today I go to Shijiazhuang to speak at a seminar. Faster to take a train from BJ to SJZ than to drive.
今天较早开始。现在我在動車里。今天我去石家庄在研讨会做演讲。从北京到石家庄乘坐火车比开车快。
My son is in a photography class at school.  They take all kinds of photos with different perspectives, lighting, motion, etc.  They recently had a photo exhibition at school.  One of the other students exhibited this photo of Robert jumping two benches.  So cool!!!!
我滴儿子在学校上摄影课程。他们拍各种各样的照片，不同的角度，灯光，动作等等。他们最近在学校有照片展览。一个学生展示了这张照片，Robert跳过了2张长凳。太酷了
Sometimes packages get lost in the mail. You're expecting something wonderful, and you wait and wait and nothing comes. It's like voting for Obama." –Craig Ferguson
有时候包裹会在邮递过程中丢失，你满心期盼，等啊等啊等啊等，结果什么也没等到。这就像是投票给奥巴马当总统那样。
My daughter is 4 year old, but can't play piano like this!
我的女儿是4岁,但不能像这样弹钢琴
The commander ambushed his troops in the woods for morning attack.
指挥官将自己的部队埋伏在丛林中，以准备凌晨发起攻击。
It's important for us all to be aware of our impact on communities across the world and think about how we can do better. Our Intel colleagues in Arizona have put together a great recycling program where they turn plastic into pencil boxes that are donated to schools.
我们要了解我们在世界各地对社区的影响，思考我们如何可以做得更好，这一点很重要。英特尔在美国亚利桑那州的同事开发了一个不错的资源回收计划，用废旧塑料制成铅笔盒，赠送给一些学校。
My rebalancing Aromatherapy water will leave your skin feeling radiant, supple and energised!
我的平衡香薰水会让你的皮肤感觉容光焕发，供应和活力
My brother AaronJProducer the night he brought his second son home
我AaronJProducer的兄弟，刚带二儿子回家的那晚
Mexico might have the best fans ever.  Thank you Monterrey for an unforgettable evening!!! OVEREXPOSED WORLD TOUR!!!
墨西哥粉丝们真的很棒。谢谢你，蒙特雷市，让我有个难忘的夜晚！！！《OVEREXPOSED》世界巡演!!!
By discussion, each team members can contribute their own ideas that you might not have thought of.
通过讨论，每个团队成员可以贡献自己的想法，这些想法可能是你想不到的
People in politics in all countries act like their heads are in the sand.
在所有国家的人民在政治，就像他们的头在沙滩上。
And yes we hope to get to Latin America as well.
是的，我们也希望去拉丁美洲开演唱会。
Nothing like a hometown crowd! Private show in NYC for Citibank US Advantage card members tonight!
家乡的观众是最给力的！今晚会在纽约为美国花旗银行AAdvantage卡会员举办一场私人演出
"It was the lowest of the lows after all those injuries. Coming here and winning today is amazing - after last year when I was ranked almost 200 in the world".
经历了那些伤病真的是我的最低点。在去年我的排名还在世界200位，能够来到这里并取得今天的胜利真的是让人感到惊奇的。”小威发布会语音
Outside shooting a show, hands are frozen, how do you say "Arthritis" in Chinese?
在外面拍节目，手快冻坏了，"arthritis" 中文怎么讲呢?
Your artistic impulses can improve your communication today, so be creative.
今天，你的艺术冲动将提高你的沟通技巧，所以你得保持创新
Andy Grove Quotes: “If the world operates as one big market, every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job. There are lots of them and many of them are hungry.” Are you hungry for your job?
安迪-格鲁夫说：“如果世界运转得像一个大市场，每一位员工就将与世界上任何地方能做同样工作的其他人竞争。竞争者为数众多，许多人充满了饥渴。”你对自己的工作是否有饥渴感
It is of some use to my volcanoes, and it is of some use to my flower, that I own them. But you are of no use to the stars.
我对火山和花都有用处，所以我才拥有它们。但是，你对星星们却一点用处也没有啊
The Chief is very lucky. I am able to take my two sons to Las Vegas for the holidays. My sons are very lucky.  We were able to go to Las Vegas and Macau in one year!!! This is us in front of Caesar's Palace. The heavyweight boxing champ of the world Joe Luis was the doorman here
老大非常幸运，可以带2个儿子去拉斯维加斯度假。儿子们也很幸运噢。一年内我们可以游览拉斯维加斯和澳门。看我们在凯撒宫前的合影。世界重量级拳击手Joe Luis曾是这的守门人噢
Warner Bros Home Entertainment Group has agreed to acquire Flixster, a top movie ratings website in its latest push into social networking, the company said.
华纳兄弟公司4日宣布，已就收购著名电影评级网站Flixster达成协议，标志着该公司在向互联网社交领域进军迈出了重要一步。
Happy Mother's Day to my mom. Beverly. Thanks for having me n dealing wit the mess I put u through thanks for being my everything !!
祝我妈妈Beverly母亲节快乐。谢谢您生我养我，无怨无悔地承受我给您带来的麻烦。谢谢您，您是我的一切
Tomorrow morning I'll be going to Jinan to record a new ShanDong TV program, Anything fun places in Jinan?
明天一早要去济南录山东卫视的一档新节目，济南有没有好玩的地方呢
Cute babies. Kids learning to swim while young is a good idea.
宝宝们好可爱。[可爱] 孩子们学游泳在年轻时是一个好主意。
Rain compromised our testing plan today, but Session was still okay. Here's some funny new stuff on my Website:http://t.cn/zWKkWJf
雨水打乱了我们今天的测试计划，但是进程仍然是好的。我的官网有一些好玩的新东西：http://t.cn/zWKkWJV
map guides you to where you want to go. This is also true for IT professionals. Career mapping can guide employees to toward their goals and help companies keep valuable talents. http://t.cn/zjbDNyw
一张地图能够领着你到达目的地，这对于IT专业人员而言同样适用。职业定位能够引导员工朝自己的目标迈进，并帮助企业留住宝贵的人才。http://t.cn/zjbDNywA
New financial instruments ......such as securitisation and derivative markets is that they allow “a greater diversification of risk
新的金融工具是培养强大的国内金 融市场的关键。证券化和衍生品市场等创新的伟大之处在于可以“更大程度地分散风险”。
Mobile Etiquette Survey shows that adults in China are more likely than others around the world to believe that mobile manners have truly started to improve compared to a year ago. What do you think about this? Better or worse? http://t.cn/zlhjYp5
英特尔通过一项“移动社交礼仪”调查发现，相较于其他国家，中国的成年人认为，人们使用移动设备的行为方式，与一年前相比已开始有所改善。你如何看待此事？是越来越好，还是反之？http://t.cn/zlhjYp5Intel's
The Chief got a little crazy at the gym this morning.  I felt very good and kept adding more weight on the leg press machine.  Got up to this ridiculous amount of weight for 8 reps.  Not bad!!!!
老大今早在健身房小疯狂了一把。今天状态很好，就在腿部压力练习的机器上加码啦。已经加到这个不可思议的重量啦！表现还不错
He distracted them by joking and imitating movie and radio comedians.
他用开玩笑的方法或者模仿电影及广播中的滑稽演员来对付他们
Assurance makes heavy afflictions light, long afflictions short, bitter afflictions sweet.
确据使得沉重的苦难变得轻省,漫长变成片刻,苦涩转为甘甜
The MP argued his position with such cogency and wit that even his opponents were impressed.
这个议员对自己的主张进行如此有说服力和机智的辩论,使他的对手也对此留下深刻地印象
I sat on the airplane today right in front of a dad and his 6 year old son.  The dad was reading to his son and had the kid laughing and totally engaged in the stories.  What a great sight to see a father so involved with his young son!
我今天在飞机上正好坐在一位父亲和他6岁的儿子前面。父亲在给他的儿子讲故事，儿子乐在其中，非常投入。看到一位父亲跟他的年幼的儿子如此亲密的画面真好
Two amazing days off in Hamburg.  Have a whole new love and appreciation for this City.  Can't wait to play for you all tonight.
在Hamburg的两天时光太美好了。开始完全喜欢和欣赏这座城市。等不及今晚为大家登台表演啦。
The Allen Edmonds Shoe，whose high-end shoes have been worn by U.S. presidents for generations, is preparing to open stores in China while keeping the manufacturing work at home.
Allen Edmonds到中国开鞋店，卖纯正的美国产鞋子，美国总统都穿此品牌的鞋子。看来我们的人力优势慢慢殆尽。
My first piece of advice is this: Don’t just get involved. Fight for your seat at the table. Better yet, fight for a seat at the head of the table.
我的第一条建议是：不要仅仅满足于参与。要在决策层争取一席之地。最好是争取首席的位置
It’s The Outlaw Road show NYC!!!!  I’m heading over to hear some music. Then I think I might…play some.
纽约的The Outlaw路演！！！我要去听音乐。也许也会....表演一些歌曲
This kind of painstaking care and zeal has become part of Li's working philosophy.
这种艰苦卓绝的认真态度和极端的热忱,已成为李的工作哲学的一个组成部分
We're in a cage match on LOUDWIRE. You know what to do!! http://t.cn/zjoLMAe
我们在LOUDWIRE上有一场牢笼赛。你们知道要怎么做吧！！ http://t.cn/zjoLMAD
We believe the Soviet way of life is worth fighting for.We believe that all should be equal,withour poverty,crime,racist hatred.
我们相信苏维埃制度，并为之奋斗。我们相信人类应是平等的，没有贫穷，没有犯罪，没有种族歧视
The Best Wife Ever cooked and amazing Moroccan Dinner including mint tea from scratch
史上最棒的妻子从零开始做了一顿超棒的摩洛哥晚餐，还有薄荷茶
100% Real Men eat 100% Pure beef burgers like this! How do you eat your burgers?
100%纯爷们儿是这样吃100％纯牛肉汉堡！你怎么吃汉堡呢
4 kittens waiting to be adopted, they're about 2 months old, dewormed and vaccinated, please contact Mr.Wong 0122543878, we're located at PJ area, free adoption.
这里还有4只小猫等待被认养，接近2个月大，打了预防针并且驱虫，免费领养，在PJ区，请联络王先生0122543878，我也会在现场哦。
Thank you so much for all of the sweet gifts today I can't wait to go through them all!
很感谢今天你们送给我的贴心礼物，我等不及每个都拆开看一看啦!
Great meeting with our team last night. Plotting out all the places we want to hit in 2013.  We're going to go as far and wide as we can.
昨晚和我们团队的会面很不错。我们在计划2013年想要去的每一个地方。我们想要尽可能去更远的地方巡演
found a very interesting survey that indicated gardeners and florists are the most happy with their work. On the other hand, bankers and IT professionals are the least happy. I’d be happy to be a gardener and a florist. http://t.cn/zjbsuka
我看到一项非常有趣的调查，园丁和花匠认为自己的工作最开心。与此相对应，银行家和IT专业人员觉得自己的工作最不开心。我乐于成为一名园丁和花匠。http://t.cn/zjbsukaI
Congregation of cattle in stock yard or of horses in racetracks may provide the necessary environment for respiratory viruses.
将牛畜集中在牲畜围栏内或马匹集中在赛马场内会给呼吸道病毒传染提供必要的环境。
The girders were all fabricated and shipped from Columbus, Ohio to the bridge site by rail and truck.
所有主梁都是在俄亥俄州的哥伦布市制造并由火车和卡车运到桥的现场
Wishing all of my fans in China a happy New Year!
祝福我中国的所有粉丝们新年快乐
This period of exuberance was bound to wane, if only because we inevitably encountered the consequences of our success.
这个欣欣向荣的时期肯定是会消逝的,即使是我们必然会遇到胜利果实,情况也会是这样
Ran into this awesome gal today - she happen to have a drawing he did of me on her cell! So talented!
今天偶遇了这个姑娘--碰巧她的手机里有一副给我的画像，真的是太有才了！
World's longest articulated bus makes debut in Brazil - the bus has a capacity of 250 passengers and powered with biodiesel made from soybeans.
世界上最长的铰接式公共汽车在巴西首次亮相——可容纳250名乘客，采用的燃料是从大豆中提取的生物柴油。
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan
天才赢得比赛，但团队合作与智力赢得冠军。”——飞人迈克尔·乔丹
Even more surprising: this is not just a phenomenon of the 1980s or 1990s, when any Chinese with a bit of ambition was headed overseas to study, if not to stay.
更令人惊讶的是：这并不只是上世纪八、九十年代的现象。当时，凡是有点抱负的中国人，不是移民海外，就是出国留学
It is possible that the ardor of foreign migration is more selective of hardy biological stock.
这大概是外国移民的生命力具有较强的生物系世系的选择性之故
North Koreans always cry when they see the ‘Dear Leader’. Why not spend money on feeding your people. North Korea should run their country more like China.
朝鲜人总是哭泣,当他们看到“敬爱的领袖”。为什么不把钱花在喂养你的人。北韩应该运行的国家更喜欢中国
Pick up the phone and make a call. It's time to learn where you two are headed.
拿起话筒拨出那个号码，是时候和那个人碰头了。
Wow... Just found this photo of my two besties and I @ 16yrs old. tbt
哇...刚刚找到这张我和两个好友的合影，那时我才16岁。旧照回顾
And if America is to be a great nation this must become true. So let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.
如果美国要成为伟大的国家，这一点必须实现。因此，让自由之声响彻新罕布什尔州的巍峨高峰
I like being a woman, even in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants. - Whitney Houston
即使是在男人的世界，我也喜欢做一个女人。毕竟男人穿不了裙子，我们却可以穿裤子。-Whitney Houston
Do you think people share too much online or are concerns overblown?
你认为人们在网上分享的信息是否过多？或者这是“杞人忧天”？
A recent study conducted by Intel found that 90% of American adults think people share too much and nearly half of adults find the deluge of information to be overwhelming.
最近由英特尔公司委托的一项研究发现，90％的美国成年人认为人们分享的信息过量；将近一半的成年人发现，信息的泛滥是压倒性的。
When every love comes to the end, if you look back, you will find flowers and sorrows, but it's always beautiful.　　
每段爱情在走向终结时，倒带回去，一路上或花草鲜美，或落英缤纷，而最初总是倾心的。
To keep someone around you is not love; love is to let the one you love go freely.
不是把对方留在自己身边才叫爱，能放手让所爱的人离开，也是爱的一种。
To forgive is not to forget, nor remit, but let it go; to be lonely is not because you have no friends, but no one is living in your heart.　　
宽恕，原谅并不代表忘记，也不代表赦免，而是顺其自然。孤单不是有没有朋友的关系，而是有没有住在你的心里。
People will always change. Some choose to change the environment; some choose to be changed by the environment. Most of the time when you cannot change, you have to choose to find something to make yourself happy.
人都是会改变的，有些人选择改变环境，有些人选择被环境改变。很多时候你无法改变的时候，我只好选择，在里面找到让自己快乐的力量。
The fact is that the world is out of everyone's expectation. But some learn to forget, but others insist.　　
事实上，这个世界不符合所有人的梦想。只是有人可以学会遗忘，有人却坚持。
Never expect the perfect man. It's not because that you cannot find, but just because there is no perfect man.　　
不要期待完美的男人，不是因为你期待不到，而是根本没有完美的男人。
In this world, there is no accident, but some certainty that pretends to be accident.　　
在这世界上无所谓偶然，只是伪装成偶然的必然。
Sometimes you need to look back, otherwise you will never know what you have lost in the way of forever searching.　　
偶尔要回头看看，否则永远都在追寻，而不知道自己失去了什么。
If you love someone, you will know everything about her without asking her; if you don't love someone, you will forget everything even if she told you everything.　　
如果你爱一个人，你会了解她的一切，而不需要问她；如果你不爱一个人，即使她告诉你她的一切，你也还是会忘记的。
I don't think that when people grow up, they will become more broad-minded and can accept everything. Conversely, I think it's a selecting process, in which one knows what's the most important and what's the least, and then become a simple man.　　
我不觉得人的心智成熟是越来越宽容涵盖，什么都可以接受。相反，我觉得那应该是一个逐渐剔除的过程，知道自己最重要的是什么，知道不重要的东西是什么。而后，做一个纯简的人。
You are lucky, because you can choose to love me or not, but myself only have to choose from loving you or loving you more.
你是幸运的，因为你可以选择爱我或不爱我，而我只能选择爱你还是更爱你。
No matter how cruel the destiny treats one with tribulation and misfortune, it will correspondingly treat him with happiness and sweetness. Even if the happiness is short and false, it's enough to light up the whole future life. 　　
无论命运以怎样残忍的方式赐予一个人以磨难和不幸，但仍会相应地赐予他幸福与甜蜜，即使这幸福是如此短暂与不真实，也足以照亮他今后整个暗淡的人生。
I always believe that there exists a place where I can away from the annoyance of reality.
我一直相信，在这世界上存在着一个地方，一个让现实抓不到你的地方。
Just as I believe, there will always be someone in the crowd that you will remember forever until you die.
就像我相信，在城市里来往的人群中，总有一个，会让你记得一辈子。直到你咽下最后一口气。
I often have the same dream. In the dream, I am running and searching.
我时常做同一个梦，在梦里，我总是不停地跑，不停地寻找。
They say I shall have more courage and more luck to reach that place and find that person.
他们说要到那个地方，要找到那个人，你必须比别人多一点勇气，多一些幸运。
Maybe I have to take a risk, because maybe I will die in the way of searching.
你可能会付出冒险的代价。你可能会死在半途上。
So dare you to go? There is someplace that you once go and would not like to leave and some one that you would only meet once in your whole life.　　
你敢不敢去？有一个地方，你去了就不想离开，有一种人，你一辈子只会遇见一次。
In your life, there will at least one time that you forget yourself for someone, asking for no result, no company, no ownership nor love. Just ask for meeting you in my most beautiful years. 　　
一生至少该有一次，为了某个人而忘了自己，不求有结果，不求同行，不求曾经拥有，甚至不求你爱我。只求在我最美的年华里，遇到你。
If not for you, I must be shivering in the despair and fear, groaning painfully.
如果不是你，我现在肯定只能在绝望和恐惧中颤抖，发出痛苦的呻吟。
But for you, every day I will dream the most beautiful apart.
但是因为有了你，我，每天都可以梦想最美丽的离别。
Because you use your whole life to love me, and I feel free.
因为你拿整个生命来爱我，所以我的心获得了自由。
My life seems to leave me like the sand flowing. I can hear that, but I can still smile only as long as I see you sleeping by my side.
我的生命正在慢慢地离开我，好象沙子从沙漏中流走一样，我听到了那流逝的声音，但只要你还熟睡在我身旁，我就依然笑得出来。
The most fearful thing in the life is the darkness deep in your heart. But soul told us that you shall have courage as long as the heartbeats. 　　
生命最大的恐惧，不过是来自于心底那个不去发现的黑暗，但是灵魂告诉我们，只要还有心跳，就一定有勇气。
The most easily broken thing in the world is the man's wineglass, politician's promise, girls' dream, steel wire-like love, the virtuous of modern society and the holy heart.　
这个世界最易碎的就是男人的酒杯，政客的承诺，少女的梦想，钢丝上的爱情，现代社会的善良和高贵的心。
Freedom is not allowing you do whatever you want but teaching you not to do the things you don't want do.　　
自由不是让你想做什么就做么，自由是教你不想做什么，就可以不做什么。
I thought that the breath could be changed into the clouds in fine days. However, it turns into rain drops in my eyelash.
我以为呵出一口气，能化作晴天的云，没想到竟在眼角凝结成雨滴。
In such a cold winter evening, love is luxury, making couples more happy and the single lonelier.　　
在这个寒冷的冬夜里，爱情像一种奢侈品，让相爱的人更幸福，让落单的人禁不起。
Don't forget the things you once owned. Treasure the things you can't get. Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.
曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。
SONG OF THE DAY: "The Killing Moon" by Echo and The Bunnymen
今天推荐歌曲：来自Echo和The Bunnymen的
Certainly, in taking revenge, a man is but even with his enemy; but in passing it over, he is superior; for it is a prince’s part to pardon.
当然，打击报复，只能算与敌人打个平手；若能宽宏大量，就会超尘拔俗，然宽恕他人乃贵人之举“。更多例句见中国同传口译网
They all grabbed shovels and began to scoop dirt into the well.
农夫的邻居们人手一把铲子,开始将泥土铲进枯井中
Food tips. You guys know the way to our Hearts. Lol
美食贴士。你们知道如何抓住我们的心。呵呵
Today, be on the lookout for ways to improve your financial situation.
今天，谨慎地选择能改善你财政状况的方法。
Ricky Martin说：Kill them with success and bury them with a smile. Vía @GeriwithaG
用成功秒杀他们，用微笑埋葬他们。转自GeriwithaG（15小时前
Across the boardroom table to the right, the Honourable Harold Austin slipped into his accustomed seat
在董事会议桌对面靠右一点的地方，哈罗德 奥斯汀阁下在自己惯坐的椅子上入座
Impure novels have brought and are bringing much misery on the world.
不洁的小说已经给世界带来不幸,还将带来更多的不幸
Had a great time at my SHAPE Magazine shoot today. Can't wait till ya'll see the cover!
今天为《SHAPE》杂志拍摄，度过了愉快的时光。等不及看到我的封面啦
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether the person misses you or has forgotten you.
关于距离，最害怕的就是你不知道那个人是在想念你还是已经忘了你。异地恋的孩子，坚持住啊
HTML is the lingua francafor publishing hypertext on the World Wide Web.
HTML在万维网上发布超文本信息的一种通用语言
janellefalls hey. You have no idea how much readin... - janellefalls
嗨。你不知道现在读这些对我来说有多重要.谢谢你，亲爱的
Moore tells Fortune when asked when Moore's Law would become obsolete: “I've always said it will last two or three more generations, but the technologists have surprised me, so I guess they've still got some tricks up their sleeves.”  Yes we do! http://t.cn/zlpDR2T
戈登-摩尔先生最近接受《财富》采访，再一次被问到摩尔定律是否会过时。他的回答是：“我总是说摩尔定律将再延续两到三代，但技术专家总是出乎我的意料，所以我猜想，他们[像魔术师一样]袖子里总藏着一些高招。”这正是英特尔努力的方向。http://t.cn/zlpDR2TGordon
Gunman Nordine Amrani, 33, was found dead after the attack in Liege,Belgium.
比利时列日市枪手Nordine Amrani实施袭击后死亡，33岁。
When you see the stars,pretend they are my arms.When you feel the air,that is me kissing you there.
当你看星星的时候,想着它们是我的手臂.空气轻抚你脸颊的时候,那是我正吻着你.
A beautiful person in your life has something to share with you. Be supportive.
生命中的贵人会与你分享一些东西。你得主动一些。
I'm back in China in my first post Spring Festival visit. I hope everyone had a great time with family and friends and that you have returned to work refreshed and ready to take on the world!
这是我春节后第一次拜访中国。我希望大家与家人和朋友度过了一个愉快的佳节，并且精神饱满的重新投入工作，一展雄风
I like taking funny photos.  I took this hilarious photo of me making an angry face.   Don't worry.  The Chief never looks like this in real life but it such a funny snap!!!
我喜欢拍有趣滑稽的照片。我做了个生气表情，拍了这张好玩的照片。别担心，老大在现实生活中从来不会看上去这样，这张照片太有趣啦
Creat a better booth design proposal for our college next time, good materials like :lacquer-surfaced panel,wooden floorboard,PVC panel, acrylic logo ect are all used.
俺們學院的展台太簡單了，下次給設計個更洋氣的。烤漆，亞克力，寫真，木板地台，雪弗板等好材料都用上
Shouldn't the score be reversed in this RedSox vs BlueJays game?
这场RedSox对决BlueJays的比赛比分不应该反过来吗
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. - Michael Jordan
障碍并非一定会你停下来。如果你跑到了一堵墙边，不要绕道也不要放弃。请找出如何翻越它、穿过它或在其周围工作的方法来。”——飞人迈克尔·乔丹
Cherish the time you have with family today -- tune in to all the people around you.
今天，要珍惜和家人在一起的时间，并注意倾听身边的人。
Hope is good thing, maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies.
希望是件美丽的东西，也许是最好的东西。美好的东西永远不会消逝的。
A strong man can save himself, a great man can save another.
强者自救，圣者渡人。
The final wallpaper of the season :) You can download it on my website
季终桌面壁纸[呵呵] 大家可以到我的官网下载
Two days of violent storms kill at least 21 across Deep South.
美国南部持续两天的风暴夺走至少21人的生命
Consumers are very demanding and sometimes it takes time and persistence for success.
消费者的要求很高而且有时这需要花费时间和不懈努力才能获取成功。
The three biggest killers of innovation are spending time on the wrong things, avoidance of risk (fear of failure), and focusing on the past rather than the future
创新的三个最大杀手就是：在错误的事情上花费时间，不敢冒险（害怕失败），只关注于过去而不放眼于未来
We reignite the passion in our life, to become the person that God wants us to be.
我们忘记了背后的事,我们重燃了生命的热情,成为神想我们成为的人
The Chief believes you have to give back more than you take.
老大觉得你的回报应该大于你的索取。
I guess it comes down to a simple choice: get busy living or get busy dying.
人生可以归结为一种简单的选择：不是忙着活，就是忙着死。
These walls are kind of funny like that. First you hate them, then you get used to them. Enough time passed, get so you depend on them. That's institutionalizing.
这些高墙还真是有点意思。一开始你痛恨它，然后你对它就习惯了。等相当的时间过去后，你就会依赖它。那就是体制化。
I believe you must give back 2X what you are given, preferably 10X.
我觉得你的付出该是获取的2倍甚至是10倍。
The Chief has adopted two daughters but it's not enough.  One day I will build an orphanage.  Do what you can also!!!
老大领养了2个女儿但是这还不够。有一天我将会建造一所孤儿院。尽所能做点什么吧
Ricky Martin说：Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. Martin Luther King Jr.
当我们对切身重大的事情变得沉默时，我们的生命也开始终结。——马丁·路德·金
“Follow your heart and you will notice that you will give 100% naturally. Everything else will fall in line automatically.”
“追随你心，你将会发现，在工作中你自然会给予百分百的努力。而其它事情不必费心，它们将自动发生。”
That’s the beauty of music. They can’t take that away from you.
这就是音乐的美丽。他们无法把这种美丽从你那里夺去。
Humility is not thinking less of yourself but thinking of yourself less.
谦卑不是把自己看低一些, 而是少想到自己一点。
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer it your best.
你若想得到这世界最好的东西，先提供这世界最好的你。
Sometimes affection is a shy flower that takes time to blossom.
有时爱情是朵含蓄的花，需要时间才能怒放。
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing.
有时候一个人为不花钱得到的东西付出的代价最高。
When time to steal the original, leaving just listened. So we always stay at a time, miss a period of time
当时间偷走初衷，留下的只是苦衷。于是我们总是呆在一段时光里，怀念另一段时光。
May we all grow into a plant a dandelion, based on the roots of the earth, there are dreams of flying.
愿我们都成为一株蒲公英，有立足大地的根茎，也有心怀梦想的飞翔。
The city had no romantic legend. Clouds give you color dream, I give you a sincere heart.
这个城市没有草长莺飞的传说。流云带给你彩色的梦，我送给你一颗真诚的心。
I’m actually a very nice person, until you piss me off.
我其实是个很好的人，直到你惹毛了我。
I got a lot of reasons to give up , but I still chose to stay. You had a lot of reasons to stay, but you chose to give up.
我有许多理由放弃你，但我选择了留下；而你有一大堆理由留下，却选择了放弃我。
Remember, you don't need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends you can be certain of.
记住，你不需要有多大一帮朋友，你只需要有几个你可以完全信任和确定的朋友。
Trying new vegan protein powders while I am here....hope to stock some options in the new healthy ingredients store.
我在试试看新的素蛋白粉。这个品牌很不错，味道好和。以后会在店里卖几种选择。
I love emirates! They let you bring a beer and a pie on board ! Top northern airline! Haha
我爱阿联酋航空公司。上飞机还让你拿着啤酒和派。这就是英国北方的传统！哈哈
Even going to the dentist is fun, when you're in love.
当你恋爱的时候，去看牙医都是一件快乐的事情
She would not see the ugly disorder and meanness of the world he dwelt in.
也许她就会无视他所生活的世界是何等的紊乱和寒伧
my new book, super useful to understand chemicals and toxins in our life....a full listing inside!
刚买的新书，非常有用的！要多了解化学品和我们日常生活中的毒品。
is not employed by one organization, but is paid for each piece of work they do by the organization they
看来这个自由职业是和自由创业含义不一样。freelance的一个特点是
You have to write every day. You have to make it a habit. If you don't do it, you're only pretending to be a writer.
你得天天写，使写作成为一个习惯。若非如此，你只是个假编剧而已。
this little 'o' indicated that the train only stopped for mail.
这个标记表示列车是为装邮件而停车。
There are many different situations that could lead to a survival scenario, and any of them could happen to you.
有无数种情况可以让人面临绝处逢生，而里面的任何一种情况都有可能发生在你身上
He was a master of dialectic, could be even in the next sentence, stupidly dogmatic.
他是一个雄辩的大师,但会在接下来的话中,甚至变成愚蠢的教条主义
"Yeah, definitely, I am such athlete machine. But that made me the best of the world, so I do enjoy the process and the result. Thanks
" “是的，没错，我就是这样的机器人。但这样可以让我成为全世界最厉害的，我非常享受这样的过程和结果。谢谢...
One of my favorite people in the world, the one and only Madonna!
世界上我最喜欢的人之一，独一无二的麦当娜
Did u know modern day slavery is REAL & exists in our own backyards? CRAZY!! Read my blog 2 learn more: http://t.cn/zlW76jx
你们知道么，现代奴隶制度也是真实存在于我们身边的。太令人难以置信了！！阅读我的博客来了解更多吧
Always great to be in L.A.! Here are your lovely faces!
在洛杉矶总能度过美好的时光！这都是你们可爱的脸庞
MyFashion: Thanks t Daks for lending me this white dress, spring feel!
MyFashion:鳴謝Daks借給我的這條白色裙子，很春天的感覺!!
When I first decided to move here, everybody from the industry told me that you will not make it.
當我決定移居到這裡居住時，很多人對我說我是不會做到的
Thankful for @netflix , its the only thing getting me through this flu. Countless hours of amazing movies...almost makes me forget I'm sick!
很感谢netflix, 唯有它才能让我康复感冒。数不清看了多少小时的电影了。。。我都忘记我病了
Gettin on the plane on the way to FL. Here we go!
正在去佛罗里达的飞机上。出发！
it is not the matter of appology. it is a purely love world of kid.
不是道歉的事情。这是孩子的纯爱世界。
Well, Britney Spears is a has-been, Lady Gaga is hot nowadays.
布兰妮早就过气了，Lady Gaga现在很火。
These screens are huge. Better do a solid "boog check" before I hit that stage.
这些屏幕简直太大了。在登台之前最好仔细检查检查有没有鼻屎
Working on new blog post "Day 1 in Macau" ... Stay tuned! :)
正在忙着写一篇新博文“在澳门的第一天”...保持关注噢！ :)
The wise never marry, And when they marry they become otherwise.
聪明人都是未婚的，结婚的人很难再聪明起来。
There should be a better way to start a day than waking up every morning.
应该有更好的方式开始新一天，而不是千篇一律的在每个上午都醒来。
Behind every successful man, there is a woman. And behind every unsuccessful man, there are two.
每个成功男人的背后都有一个女人，每个不成功男人的背后都有两个女人。
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments.
假如你认为没有人关心你，试试拖欠一下应付款。
Every man should marry. After all, happiness is not the only thing in life.
再快乐的单身汉迟早也会结婚，幸福不是永久的嘛。
Never put off the work till tomorrow what you can put off today.
不要等明天交不上差再找借口，今天就要找好。
A dress is like a barbed fence. It protects the premises without restricting the view.
服饰就象铁丝网，它阻止你冒然行动，但并不妨碍你尽情地观看。
The more you learn, the more you know, The more you know, the more you forget. The more you forget, the less you know. So why bother to learn.
学的越多，知道的越多；知道的越多，忘记的越多；忘记的越多，知道的越少。为什么学来着？
We had at this time in Washington a singularly gifted and influential Ambassador.
这时,我们在华盛顿有一位才能卓越而且颇有影响的大使
Life always has many things to bring you down. However, what can really bring you down is your attitude.
人生中会有很多事情把我们击败，但真正打垮我们的其实是我们自己的态度
this has been one amazing week! looking forward to my weekend!!
真是太不可思议的一周了！很期待周末的到来
Those lyrics coupled w the layered guitars and epic build, get me EVERY TIME.
那些歌词在配上分层的吉他和史诗般的结构，每次都抓住了我的心
Nothing has changed the business environment more than the WWW, in the last 20 years. Now, with the Apple platform and its glittering array of devices supporting Facebook, Twitter and Google the customer is not only right … the customer rules!
在最近20年内，网络已经很大程度上改变了商业环境。如今的苹果公司的产品和各种其他的电子产品都可以连接到facebook，twitter和goole，顾客不仅是对的，顾客统治商界
No one inquired exactly what he did, but apart from a few innocuous memos, nothing of any consequence emerged.
没人打听他到底在干些什么,不过,除了一些无关紧要的便函,从来没有什么重要的东西从他那儿送出来
After soundcheck, setting the stage for The Wallflowers in Red Bank, NJ
在试音之后，开始为Wallflowers乐队布置在新泽西州雷德班克市的舞台
The sailor narrated the story of his life to me in the tavern.
那水手在这酒店里向我讲述了他的一生。
A renewed United Nations system, including a renewed Secretariat, must have the unwavering trust and support of all Member States and their citizens.
革新后的联合国系统，包括革新后的秘书处必须获得所有成员国及其公民坚定不移的信任与支持
If you weren't comfortable with how a conversation ended yesterday, you can fix it today.
若果昨天有一场谈话的结束形式不让你满意，今天可以去修正它。
Permeability remains an elusive parameter that is not directly measurable by geophysical methods.
渗透率则是一个不能用地球物理学方法直接测出的、捉摸不定的参数
It just keeps getting better and better... el nido resorts.  not your average sunset
这里的日落变得越来越美...爱妮岛度假胜地。不可思议的日落
Li shrugged off the China bashing of the U.S. presidential-election campaign, suggesting that the harsh words are now behind the two countries.
李对美国总统竞选期间候选人对中国的抨击并不在意，他表示总统竞选期间的强硬言辞如今对中美两国来说已是翻过去的一页。
like to share a video about the booming mobile Internet market in China. It’s impressive and helpful for understanding China's mobile Internet landscape. Enjoy! http://t.cn/zWqpCmj
我想分享一段视频，是关于蓬勃增长的中国移动互联网市场。它令人印象深刻，有助于了解中国移动互联网的整体状况。http://t.cn/zWqpCmjI’d
The Chief was in People's Square Park this morning with the family.  I saw a tree branch pretty high up and decided to see if I could jump up on it and do some pull ups.  I generated some interesting looks from on lookers.   So fun.  Ha ha!!!!
老大今早和家人去人民公园里玩啦！我看见一颗树的树枝相当高，就决定看看自己能不能跳起来抓到它，再做些迎体向上。路人都好奇得看着我啦！真有意思，哈哈
We're in 2nd place at Loudwire 2012 Rock Song of the Year
我们在Loudwire2012年度摇滚歌曲排行榜中名列第二
We end up drinking with a weird crowd in a disused theater lobby
结果到了一个废弃的剧院大厅开始和一堆怪人喝酒
It's show time! Good luck to all of The GRAMMYs nominees!
表演时间到了！祝所有格莱美提名者好运
I am happier than I've ever been in my life. I pray everyone is this happy and if you're not and going through a rough…
我处在我人生最幸福的阶段。我祈祷每个人都是像我这样幸福，如果你不幸福，并正经历着困难
Every week I have one day to reward myself by eating one “rich” meal, I choose McDonalds. This way dieting wont be too hard and will persist for a longer time.
每星期有一天可以奖励自己吃一顿“丰富”的餐，昨天选了@麦当劳 。这样的话我减肥不会有那么辛苦并且会坚持的时间更长。
Everyday is a great day, How's your day going? I'm curious, hows your day going?
每天是好日子，你今天怎么样呢？我好奇，你今天好吗
the time is now, and here we are. What do we do?
“到时间了，我们也来了，现在要做什么？
Cheap energy would empower the world's poorest 2 billion. Talked opportunities w/ expert Daniel Yergin. Video
便宜能源能供应世界上最穷的20亿人。和专家Daniel Yergin讨论了多种可能性，视频)
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty" -Winston Churchill
悲观者在每一次机遇中看到困难，而乐观者在每一次困难中看到机遇（温斯顿·丘吉尔)
Tonight’s another round of some sweet Battles on The Voice, steals are my favorite part
今晚是《美国之声》擂台赛新一轮的比赛。“偷人”是我最喜欢的比赛环节
Ricky Martin说：Be the best, but get prepared to be attacked. Only mediocrity is safe
要成为最棒的，就要做好被攻击的准备。只有平庸才是安全的。
This may sound counterintuitive, but the stars say you must seek out conflict today.
也许有些违背常识，但星相所示，今天你必须主动找寻冲突。
Tune in to episode 2 of The Voice to see if Shak adds more singers to TeamShakira!
到时记得收看《美国之声》第二集吧，看看我是否加入了更多的歌手到我的团队
It's raining outside which means tomorrow I'll have to run 20km! Oh my god!
外面下雨了，那明天要跑20公里啊！天呢！
My kids went to the ice skating rink while we are in America.
我们在美国的时候，孩子们去滑冰。
It just so happened that the national news was there and they interviewed my daughter Annabel about how she enjoyed the skating.
正巧遇到国家新闻台在那做报道，他们采访了我的女儿Annabel，问她滑冰感受如何。
you're in a flirtatious mood today, feel free to run with it and have some fun!
你今天要是春心萌动，就顺其自然地去享受快乐吧
It was grievous to think that Mr. Slope should have so distanced him.
想到斯洛普先生竟然把他这样远远地甩在后面,这是很令人伤心的
Good news today that OfCom has allowed operators to use 4G technology. Faster downloads and better connectivity is a very positive step
英国通信管理局今天电信4G开始投入使用，这是个好消息！可以支持更快的下载速度，也支持更好的互联网连接
I didn't believe the adulation expressed by ordinary North Koreans to my father and myself. It's all a lie. They're just pretending to praise me.
我不相信朝鲜民众对我父亲和我本人所表示的阿谀奉承。这全是谎言，他们只是假装称赞我。
You must still be careful of wasps, but you don't have to bother making a web.
你还是得当心黄蜂,但是你不必辛苦地去织蜘蛛网了。
Kinda miss the winter time in my hometown, yet I'm still having my summer wear in Malaysia, warm my heart with a cup of hot coffee.
于是，我穿着短袖短裤想念着好久不曾感受过的台北的冬天，打了个寒颤，喝杯热咖啡吧。
QOTD: "We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it." -Lauryn Hill
每日一言:''我们不能计划生活.我们所能做的是对生活有益的事.''-Lauryn Hill
Ricky Martin说：On my way to the photo shoot for my cd cover!!!(With my 3ple shot latte in hand)I'm ready for an awesome creative day!
就要去为我的CD封面拍照啦！（手里还拿着特浓的拿铁）为充满创造力的一天做好准备！（12分钟前
Katherine isn't the monogamous type... I'm sure she'd be willing to make out with Tyler *and* Caroline.(转发cadlymack) Katherine
不是那种一夫一妻的类型...我相信她肯定会愿意和Tyler还有Caroline有所发展.(意思Katherine男女同吃)
North Korea is lashing out at planned U.S.-South Korean military drills that it says are pushing the Korean peninsula to the "brink of war.
"/朝鲜猛烈抨击美国和韩国计划进行的军事演习，称此举正把朝鲜半岛推向战争边缘。
Losing fat is probably the most common goal these days and, at it's simplest, involves burning more calories than you eat. If you burn an extra 500 calories per day, you would lose about a pound a week.
大家都想减去赘肉,最简单的道理就是要让燃烧的卡路里数比你摄入的卡路里数更多。每天能额外燃烧500卡路里,每周能减轻一磅左右。
I'm packing you an extra pair of shoes and your angry eyes, just in case.
我给你多带了一双鞋，还有你的愤怒眼，以防万一。
A minor detail may force you to change major plans. Do so and don't look back.
一個小細節有可能導致你不得不改變大計劃。去做吧，然后不要回頭
We are now 3.000.000 in Facebook and we'll be more!!! How are we going to celebrate?? *wt
说：亲们！我们在Facebook上已经300万粉丝了，还会有更多！我们该怎么庆祝呢？Family!!
Denver was the great! Great way to end the tour with Stone Sour
丹佛很棒！很棒可以和Stone Sour一起结束巡演
All Natural Curly Girls Check out my latest article with Carol's Daughter ! http://t.cn/zTLHmLT
所有自然卷的女孩们，来看看我最新和Carol's Daughter一起做的访问稿吧
After the alien spacecraft had hovered over the park for a short time, it vanished.
那只外星来的宇宙飞船在公园上空盘旋了一会儿之后就不见了。
What's the focus point of this picture? body? facial expression or?
照片的焦点在哪里呢？身材？表情？你说呢
Today, you would much rather stay at home than go out. Enjoy puttering around.
相比于外出，今天你会更愿意呆在家里，享受四处闲荡的惬意。
The Bush family is gathered in Florida for the holiday from Christmas through New Year. Pierce took this beautiful picture at sunset this evening. This is further evidence that there is a creator.
从圣诞到新年，布什家族相聚在弗罗里达共度佳节。今天傍晚Pierce拍下了这张日落的照片。这是造物主存在的进一步证明。(抱歉，翻译有误，特此更正
So if the share price rises and the dividend does not, then the yield falls.
因此，如果股份上涨而股息不变，收益就下跌。
I like this photo of these three flags.  The flag of China, the flag of Coca-Cola and the flag of America.  To me it represents Countries working together and Companies working with employees and with the Communities they reside in.  We are all human beings and part of the Planet
我喜欢这张三面旗帜的照片。中国国旗，可口可乐旗帜还有美国国旗。对我而言，这象征了国家之间的合作，公司与员工之间的合作，以及与员工居住社区的合作。我们都是人类而且是这个星球的一部分
The secret to doing well at the Crucible is a secret!!! But patience is very important.
在克鲁西布剧院打得好是个秘密哈哈！但是耐心是非常重要的
Learning 7 of 12 from Steve Jobs: "Changing your mind is a sign of intelligence".  The best leaders are good listeners.  It's great to have a strong point of view or a hypothesis. But it is ok to change your mind if you are presented with good solid facts and logic!!!
Steve Jobs给我们上的第七课:"改变你的思路是聪明的表现”。最优秀的领导肯定是一个很善于聆听的人。能够树立自己明确的观点或者提出一个假设当然是再好不过了。但是如果你被坚定的事实和事件的逻辑性说服进而改变主意，也很好
I think the future of the grizzly really depends on us.
我想这些灰熊的未来真的取决于我们。
When you are around people with talent and passion every day is great!
当你周围的才华和激情的人，每天是伟大的
I like to play golf. The game itself is difficult, so you must relax to enjoy it. Its also a learning fir life.  You must be very patient, humble and you can't control it. I also love the beauty of nature on the golf courses. You can see the moon above the trees in this photo!!
我喜欢打高尔夫。高尔夫本身就是个困难重重的游戏，所以你必须要放松去享受它，这样才能为生活增添乐趣从中学习到很多东西。你必须非常有耐心，谦逊，但是你又无法控制它。我还很喜欢高尔夫球场的自然美丽风光。看照片中，你可以在树顶上方看见月亮噢
I like taking and making funny photos.  This photo is hilarious.  My friend ha a funny hat, so he asked me to wear it and make a funny face.   Since I am happy all the time, I decided to make a tough face for fun.   This is not the real Chief, but it's a funny photo!!!
我喜欢拍有趣的照片。这张照片有意思吧。我朋友有顶滑稽的帽子，他让我戴上，弄个搞怪表情。我一直都很开心，就决定扮个苦恼表情搞怪一下啦。这可不是真实的老大噢，但是照片很有意思呢
JGF and Fusion supplies the best nutritional supplementation, and is able to offer this service to its clients.
JGF@Fusion健身会所 提供最优质的营养搭配，并能成功的为其客户提供该项服务。
My friend has the cutest business for our four legged family members!
我朋友的公司为狗狗生产超有爱的玩具！
I so badly want to see Roddick go out with a poetic and inspirational victory at the US Open. teamroddick!
好希望能在全美公开赛中看到Roddick取得史诗般的胜利啊，一定会很鼓舞人心的。加油
A few years ago when I was in Italy I saw this same situation happen. If not your car, very funny!!!
几年前我在意大利时相同的情况下,我看见这发生。如果不是你的车,非常好玩!!!
Sorry I haven't updated. I've been very busy lately. But today I have a lot to say!:)
对不起我很久没有更新了，我最近特别忙。 但是今天我有很多话要说！:)
You'll be beaming with pride today. Your selfless accomplishments will be noticed.
今天，你的表现折射出一种骄傲。你忘我工作得来的成就将被关注
Your boss thinks he or she knows best -- but you know that's not true. Be tactful.
你的老板认为自己最了解事实，可你知道其实并不是那样。圆滑一些
If you chop and change jobs like this, you'll never get experience.
如果你像这样总是变换工作,你将永远得不到经验
Looking back, standing on the already dim lights are not you.
蓦然回首，站在灯火阑珊处的早已不是你。
Blame me stupid, love you love of so persistent, turned their hearts will break up so pain.
只怪我太傻，爱你爱的那么执着，分手后心才会那么痛着。
Between us are only separated by one step, and I can not move you.
我们之间仅隔一步，而我却不能迈向你。
I am still concerned about the left, you do not see my time.
离开后我依旧在关注，看到了你不需要我的时光。
Do not play too true acting, otherwise it will bear the scars.
演戏别演太真，否则会伤痕累累。
I don't pour kingdom, not little, only exhausting, love I love
我不倾国，不倾城，只倾尽所有，爱我所爱
Tears are mailed to me the gift green, address is not how happiness
眼泪是迩邮寄给莪旳礼物，地址是不怎么幸福
Throughout the thorns before road, also should not hesitate to go on.
遍布荆棘的前路，也应该毫不犹豫得走下去。
I always think not so distant future seems a footfall can touch.
我总是把未来想的不那么遥远似乎一踏步就能触及。
Sometimes the sunlight is very warm, let me feel life are too long.
有时候阳光很温暖，让我觉得一生都太过漫长。
You are everything to me, and I was so blessed when god sent you here for me。
你是我的一切，我是如此幸运上帝让你来到我身边
I want to warm you, regardless of love, but want to than all feelings.
我想温暖你，无关爱情，却想胜过一切感情。
Those we shed connected position, would have faded, ground several back.
那些我们流连的光景、早就已经褪色、班驳了几回。
Love a flower bloom to accompany it, love a man to accompany him to stray.
爱一朵花就陪它绽放，爱一个人就陪他流浪。
Obtain a copy of any form will have to repay that day.
任何形式的索取都会有偿还的那一天。
Is immortal, even for a moment is fleeting that we love.
不朽的是我们，须臾的是我们转瞬即逝那爱情。
I am your beautiful pierced the haze of your memory vague I stand.
你的明媚刺穿我的阴霾，我站在你的记忆模糊。
I never let you not to know my existence, but I just never thought that love will fall upon on me.
不是不让你知道我的存在，只是不奢求爱情会降临到我头上。
Sometimes, I just wonder, we are animals from different waters, although attracted by the beauty of your world, I will be drowned if I get close to you.
有时候想，我们是不同水域的动物，虽然我很艳羡你那个世界的美丽，但是浅水区的我一走近，就会被深水淹死。
When some one abandons you, it is him that gets loss because he looses someone who truly loves him but you just lost one who doesn't love you.
当你认为被抛弃的时候，受损失的其实是对方：因为他失去了一个真正喜欢他的人，而你只不过少了一个不喜欢你的人罢了。
How it feels when you are loved by the one you love? How could it be like?
被自己所爱的人深爱着是什么样的感觉呢？会是什么样子呢？
If you want to answer it immediately, you shall know how happy you are.
想要立刻回答的人，你要知道自己是多么幸福的人。
Although you insist loving, on your own, is also called love, one palm can not make noises.
虽然一直强辩说，单恋也是一种爱情，但单用一边的手掌是拍不出声音的。
Brothers, though geographically apart will always be bound by their blood ties.
骨肉之亲，析而不殊。
You can directly enter the phone number that you want to call through keyboard and enter for calling.
您可以直接通过键盘输入您想要拨打的电话号码后敲击回车进行拨号。
Souls gathered from the letter, sharing the tap of a keyboard!
聚集来自心灵的文字，分享键盘敲击的精彩！
He is so lazy; he could do with a good kick up the rear.
他这个人太懒惰，真想在他屁股上踢一脚。
It is only with reform that we can ensure continuous existence and growth.
如将不尽，与古为新。
That is half of the people who have embarked on a one hundred mile journey may fall by the wayside.
行百里者半九十。
Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten.Alter what is changeable, and accept what is mutable.
记住该记住的，忘记该忘记的。改变能改变的，接受不能改变的
Apart from tears, only time could wear everything away. While feeling is being processed by time, conflicts would be reconciled as time goes by, just like a cup of tea that is being continuously diluted.
能冲刷一切的除了眼泪，就是时间，以时间来推移感情，时间越长，冲突越淡，仿佛不断稀释的茶
Complaints are the greatest offerings that God obtains from human beings, as well as the most faithful prayers human beings might utter to God.
怨言是上天得至人类最大的供物，也是人类祷告中最真诚的部分
Wisdom appears in contradiction to itself, which is a trick life plays on philosophy of life.
智慧的代价是矛盾。这是人生对人生观开的玩笑。
Girls always look on themselves as proud princesses, with the exception of a small number of either extremely ugly or exceedingly smart ones.
世上的姑娘总以为自己是骄傲的公主（除了少数极丑和少数极聪明的姑娘例外）
It can be inferred that you lack confidence in a victory over your rivals from the fact that you're irritable against them.
如果敌人让你生气，那说明你还没有胜他的把握
From that you would get angry with your friends, we can conclude you sitll care about the friendship between you.
如果朋友让你生气，那说明你仍然在意他的友情
"Something is out of our control, so we have to command ourselves." said Linghu Chong.
令狐冲说"有些事情本身我们无法控制，只好控制自己。"
Only till my natural death.could I tell which of what I have been doing is right or wrong, so now I have to try to do well in everything, and then wait to die a natural death.
我不知道我现在做的哪些是对的，那些是错的，而当我终于老死的时候我才知道这些。所以我现在所能做的就是尽力做好每一件事，然后等待着老死。
We see this as the right move at the right time, which will bring HKEx into the right loop of China’s capital account liberalisation"said DLam,an analyst at Citi in Hong Kong
花旗香港分析师林达威表示:我们认为这是在正确时间的正确举措，将把香港交易所纳入中国资本账户开放的正确环路."
In France people get prosecuted for naming their kid after Damon. And yet here "Blue Ivy" and "Apple" are a big hit.
在法国，如果给自己小孩取名Damon是会被起诉的。在这里，叫“Blue Ivy”或者“苹果”是很流行的.
We can almost say jazz is a gift to the world from the American blacks.
我们也可以说爵士乐是美国黑人带给世界的一件礼物。
He cut his wrist so badly that jets of blood spurted out.
他的手腕割伤得很厉害，血阵阵涌出。
Imagine the joyful scene when they were reunited with their lost daughter.
他们与失散的女儿团聚，快乐的情景是可想而知的。
July is the hottest month in a year in my hometown.
在我的家乡，七月是一年里最热的一月。
He jumped to his feet and ran out of the office.
他一下子跳了起来，跑出了办公室。
on the plane headed to the old stomping grounds! indy here we come.
在飞机上，出发去我们常去的地方！indy，我们来啦。
Pink how dare you only work 364 days this year. I can't believe you got sick. Th... - P!nk
你今年怎么敢只工作364天，我不敢相信你生病了，没有人会生病，是你太懒...
Groupons provide an important nudge to jolt people out of their day-to-day habits and to try something new.
团购提供了一种重要的驱动力，促使人们摆脱日常习惯，尝试新鲜事物。
A soft material, often with an adhesive backing, used especially on the feet to protect against chafing.
包足绷带布一种柔软材料,通常带有粘连衬背,尤指用于脚部防止摩擦。
I love my TEAM!! "Stickin' together like flour and water to make that slow dough" -@BigBoi
我爱我的小组！！“像面粉和水一样融合在一起慢慢变成面团”-@BigBoi
You'll have fun getting a lot done today -- it's a great day for a deep-cleaning project.
今天，完成一大堆事情会给你带来许多乐趣，这是个执行全面扫除计划的好日子。
Office quarterback refers to a manager that is infamously known for handing their work and other useless assignments to you that they could and should be doing themselves.
四分卫经理是指常常把自己份内的工作或一些毫无意义的工作分派给下属去做的经理，这样的人一般都恶名远扬
need some suggestions for the hipster camera project... who else do you think i should shoot?
需要大家给我的时髦照相机的摄影项目提点建议...你们觉得我还应该拍谁呢
The relation of the various Nixon aides to one another was like that of prisoners in adjoining cells.
尼克松的各位助理之间的关系就象关在邻近牢房里的犯人一样
In case that you missed the event and live chat, here are some photos from Nike's event.
如果你们错过了活动和现场谈话, 这里有一些Nike活动的照片.
Yes, that should be OK. I'll phone Diane if there's any problem.
可以,没问题。如果有什么问题的话，我会给黛安打电话
Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school,” - Albert Einstein
教育就是当大家把学校学习的东西都忘记的时候,剩下来的东西.
Seeing someone from the past will trigger emotional upheaval, but it will be fine.
用老眼光看待某人会激发感情上的震荡，但也无关大局。
Benjamin Franklin's uncompleted Autobiography is perhaps the first real American writing as well as the first real autobiography in English.
本杰明。富兰克林没完成的自传可能是第一本真正的美国作品,也是第一本用英语写的自传
If you live your life in a good and godly way, someday you will be given a music mix by sleezsisters to listen to on a lazy Sunday.
如果你好好做人，总有一天你会得到眷顾，在周日的休闲时光得以听听sleezsisters的音乐
Thanks to everyone who helped in this mornings “Madame Figaro” photoshoot. BTW. Guess what brand this suit coat is?
感谢帮我拍Madame Figaro的团队，辛苦你们了。BTW.猜一猜这个外套是哪个牌子呢?呵呵
The author is planning to refine on his work of five years ago.
作者打算把他5年前的著作修改得更完美些。
My two daughters got their hair braided at the hair salon in Bali yesterday.  They will keep the braids for a few weeks and they are so excited.  They are so cute!!!
我滴两个女儿昨天在巴厘岛的美发沙龙去编了辫子。她们准备几周都保持这个造型，她们可兴奋啦！看上去太可爱啦
Wow. View from the west rim of Memorial Stadium looking out to the Bay from Cal Football 's new digs.
哇。从加利福尼亚金熊队的新公寓能够看到从Memorial Stadium瞭望台西侧一直到海湾的风景。
China's prototype stealth fighter made its first-known test flight Tuesday, marking dramatic progress in the country's efforts to develop cutting-edge military technologies.
当地时间周二，中国J-20隐形战斗机的原型机作首度测试飞行，标志着中国尖端军事技术发展取得长足进步。
To Chloe L. London has been amazing as always! Back in Stanford now - which has been equally as beautiful!
对Chloe L.说，伦敦一如既往的精彩繁华！现在回到Stanford了--这里同样很漂亮
It's time to adjust where you are spending your money. Think about long-term gains.
是时候调整消费与投资方向了，要多考虑长线回报。
big ups to Colin Kaepernick n the 49ers for playn hard out there yesterday!!!
昨天Colin Kaepernick和淘金者队在比赛中都很努力，向他们致敬!!!
Walked n my dressn room n this was Waitn on me !!
走进我的化妆室，这个就在那等着我
False modesty isn't really honest, so agree with people who think you're great.
过分谦虚实际上不是一种诚实，你尽可以接受别人的赞美。
There're as many nights as days,and the one is just as long as the other in the year’s course.Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness,and the word “happy” would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.—Carl Jung
有白天就有黑夜，而且一年中的白天和黑夜总是等长的。即使是幸福的人生也不可能没有黑暗的一面；如果没有了悲伤，“幸福”这个词也就丧失了其意义。——卡尔•荣格#我的感性名言书
Number of Chinese security engineers to rise to 250,000 by 2015: work safety watchdog
安全监管总局：2015年注册安全工程师人数将达25万人
Happy, happy morning photo shoot to start the day!  Makeup time w AnnaRose  ❤
早晨愉快的照片拍摄开始一天的生活！和AnnaRose的化妆时间
There are big ships and small ships, but the best ship of all is friendship.
世上有大船，也有小船，但最好的船是友谊之船。朋友们，终于到周末了
Myo:i walked a lot today,walked to do facial,to d dentist,to buy food,it's nice to be able to walk & enjoy d scenery,its gd for health!!
今天走了很多路，走路去做臉，走路去看牙醫，走路去買東西吃，可以走走路看看風景真好，身心都健康
A Shanghai court sentenced(v.判罚) a district official to 16 years in prison on Tuesday for corruption and abuse of authority over a high-rise
上海某法院周二判处一区级官员16年有期徒刑，该官员因腐败和滥用职权，导致去年的大楼火灾
I also think this is a beautiful villa. The full length window is the highlight of the space.
我觉得这个别墅也很漂亮。全长的开放窗户是这空间的亮点。
Brown bottles may look boring, but the colour is the best protector of beer. Green bottles are less good and clear glass is usually a disaster.
棕色啤酒瓶看起来可能有些单调，但棕色是啤酒最好的保护色。绿色酒瓶次之，透明玻璃瓶通常是一场灾难。
Adoptedmommy:@LH_NET @nalamommy i bet when u were a kid you never learned the word SHARE... lol... hey how u doing / nalamommy:i had 2 older brothers need i say more
Adoptedmommy:我敢打赌你小的时候一定不知道如何“分享”…LOL……嘿，Lu,你怎么样？/ nalamommy:我有两个哥哥，还需要我说更多吗
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember
女人们总是因为男人善于忘记事情而焦虑，男人们总是因为女人记性好而焦虑
Foreign or Chinese, all should respect other people. This foreigner has no respect for others.
外国人或者中国人,都应该尊重别的人。这个外国人没有尊重别的人
an infographic for entrepreneurs (or anyone) looking to hone their negotiating skills. An American study. Most of them are applied in China, but is there something else that we should pay special attention in China? http://t.cn/zj7Cw1c
这里有一张为希望提高自身谈判技能的企业家（或任何人）创建的信息图。这来源于在美国的一项研究。这些原则大都在中国适用，但是否有什么在中国需要特殊考虑的因素呢？http://t.cn/zj7Cw1cHere's
@Thechief老大 :It's next Sunday, June 17.  I made a mistake. Ha ha.  //
@Thechief老大 :是下周日，6月17日。我搞错啦，哈哈。//
A living organism would take in the radioactive carbon and convert it to organic material.
有生命的有机体会吸收具有放射的碳,并把它转化为有机物质
A quick break from rehearsal! Lol!! What are u doing right now?;-)
排练期间的短暂休息！哈哈！！你们现在在做什么?;-)
My girl Jess Szohr is officially on twitter, welcome! And don't say I didn't warn you... Haha ;
我的闺蜜Jess Szohr现在正式有推特啦,欢迎!还有喔,别说我没警告过你啊...哈哈
Apple iPhone 5 launch announcement event has been planned for the morning of October 4 America time.  Let's see if the iPhone 5 is as good as we think!!!
苹果iPhone5的发布会计划在美国当地时间的10月4日上午举行。是否iPhone5有我们想象中的那么好？让我们拭目以待
short post on some very interesting work utilizing cell phones to improve health care where resources are limited
一篇短文，介绍在资源困乏的地方利用手机提高医疗的一些有趣方法
There was no dust in the canyon. The leaves and flowers were clean and virginal. The grass was young velvet. Over the pool three cottonwoods sent their scurvy fluffs .
峡谷里一尘不染，树叶和花朵干净而纯洁。草地嫩如天鹅绒般。池塘那边有三颗棉白杨，飘散出懒洋洋的绒毛。
Karolin flipped out when I told her that we won the game.
我告诉Karolin我们赢了比赛时，她乐歪了。
My girlfriend has made my life better in many wonderful ways. Also, she has made me a Dodgers fan.
我女朋友在很多方面把我的生活变得更美好。而且，她还把我培养成了道奇粉。
The police must do all they can to bring criminals to justice.
警方必须竭尽全力追捕罪犯，将他们绳之以法。
Taking a blind man across the street is a kind act.
扶盲人过马路是一种善良的行为。
I think it would be a kindness to tell him the bad news straight away.
我认为直截了当地告诉他这个坏消息倒是友好的行为。
Donot say that opportunities never come. It came but you just don't willing to give up the things you own.
不要说机会从来没有出现，它曾经出现过，只是你舍不得放下自己拥有的东西。
You want to live irreplaceable in your life, it must always be different.
你的人生想要活的无可取代，就必须时刻与众不同。
Life may always have regret, but the future is still good.
生活或许总有遗憾，但未来依旧美好。
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
也许不是每一天都那么美好，但每一天都会有一些美好的东西存在。
One day you will meet someone, who worth all your laugh and tears, who will treat you the best, who will make you his/her priority.
总有一天你会遇上那么一个人，他让你的欢笑和泪水都有意义，他善待你，把你当成生命中最重要的那个。
There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept, things we don't want to know but have to learn. and people we can't live without but have to let go.
有些事，不想发生，却不得不接受；有些东西，不想了解，却不得不学习；有些人不能失去，却不得不放手。
No matter how we try to be mature..We will always be a kid when we all get hurt and cry.
不管多努力去蜕变成熟。。一旦内心受伤哭泣时，我们还是像小孩子一样。
It’s always nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they’re not around.
生命中，有些人即使不在你身边也能让你微笑，这样真好。
I've been distracted since the moment I met you. Becasue all I can think about is how much I want to kiss you.
从遇见你的那一刻，你就让我分心。因为我的脑海里，满满都是想吻你的冲动。
You can do is try my best, if they still don't understand, that's their problem, not yours.
你能做的只有尽力而为，如果别人还是不懂，那是他们的问题，不是你的。
Don't lose heart, life is often the last key to open the lock.
别灰心，往往是最后一把钥匙才能打开人生的锁。
Life, learn to be kind to others, you are best to yourself.
人生中学会善待他人，即是最好的善待自己。
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
幸福的秘诀：不悲过去，非贪未来，心系当下，由此安详。
I want to start a journey, and what not to, not to start a new life, just want to have a look the outside world and run.
我想要开始一段旅程，不是和什么告别，也不是开始新的生活，只是想去看看外面的世界和漫无目的奔跑。
Every day is a new day, face and live with smile, we will have unexpected harvest!
每一天都是崭新的，微笑地面对生活，我们将会有意想不到的收获！
If he knows, indifferent smile. People always cherish not get, but forget the side have.
似曾相识，淡然一笑。人总是珍惜未得到的，而遗忘了身边所拥有的。
stumbled to grow, we are all in the old days and then leave a little bit of the original.
我们都在时光里跌跌撞撞地成长，然后一点点离开最初的模样。
Hope for the best, best effort, do the worst, with the best attitude, every day is a good day.
抱最大希望，尽最大努力，做最坏打算，持最好心态，每天都是美好的日子。
The most beautiful thing is not keep time, but retain memories. The real power, not to forgive others, but let themselves.
最美的事不是留住时光，而是留住记忆。真正的强大，不是原谅别人，而是放过自己。
Don't be afraid of the road at the foot of the mud, the most beautiful scenery, is in the front waiting for you.
别怕脚下道路的泥泞，最美的风景，就在前方等着你。
Good people, is not so difficult to meet, hard to meet, is a good and deep love to us.
美好的人，并不是那么难遇到。难遇到的，是美好而且深爱我们的人。
Your heart, decided the wind temperature, also determines the clouds of poetry.
你的心，决定了风雨的温度，也决定了云彩的诗意。
People don't too willful, because you are living for the future of you. don't let the future of you hate you now.
人不要太任性，因为你是活给未来的你，不要让未来的你讨厌现在的你。
As fruit needs not only sunshine but cold nights and chilling showers to ripen it, so character needs not only joy but trial and difficulty to mellow it。
水果的成熟不仅需要阳光，也需要凉夜和冷雨。人性格的陶冶不仅需要欢乐，也需要考验和困难。
Life is a embroidery. We look from the bottom, at sixes and sevens line, god from above, it is a flower.
生命就是一个绣花。我们从底下看，乱七八糟的走线，上帝从上面看，则是一朵花。
The choice of life is very simple: walking places they feel steadfast. Peace is the destination.
人生的选择其实很简单：往自己心里感到踏实的地方走不会错。心安即是归处。
Victoria Beckham is one of the worlds most recognised style icons, a highly acclaimed, award winning fashion designer, Wife and Mother
维多利亚·贝克汉姆是世界上最受认可的偶像人物，一个高度赞誉，成功的时装设计师，妻子和母亲
I love it when I catch you looking at me, then you smile and look away.
你看我时被我发现了，你笑着移开视线，这种感觉我很喜欢。
I don’t know if I’m getting over him or just getting used to the pain.
我不知道我是不是已经忘了他，还是我只是习惯了这种痛。
We’ve all got that one friend who eats twice as much as you do, but never seems to gain any weight.
我们都有那么个朋友，吃的是你的两倍，但就是不长胖。
There is a kind of missing which can be called a light happiness. There is a kind of happiness which is the frequent concern. There is a kind of concern which is the distant appreciation.
有一种思念，是淡淡的幸福；有一种幸福，是常常的牵挂；有一种牵挂，是远远地欣赏。
Time forget me, or I forgot to follow, a turn around, is a lifetime.
时间忘了等我，还是我忘了跟着走 ，一转身，便是一辈子。
My daddy said，that the first time you fall in love，it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try， that feeling just never goes away.
父亲曾告诉我，你的第一次恋爱会永远地改变你。不管你有多努力试图摆脱，初恋的感觉总是挥之不去。
Love makes you stupid : whispers of love is a bunch of stupid, a love letter is silly talk, valentine is a little fool.
爱情使人变傻：情话是一堆傻话，情书是傻话连篇，情人则是一个个小傻瓜。
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
成功没有电梯，只有一步一个脚印。
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
最先道歉的人最勇敢；最先原谅的人最坚强；最先释怀的人最幸福。
No matter how hard things may seem, there is always something good coming around the corner.
不管事情看上去有多困难，总会有好事临门。
Sometimes silence is not happy, just want to put the heart headroom.
有时沉默，不是不快乐，只是想把心净空。
Time such as water, always silent. If you are well, it is sunny.
时光如水，总是无言。若你安好，便是晴天。
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream. Not only plan, but also believe.
要成就一番事业，不仅要有行动，还要有梦想；不仅要有计划，还要有信念。
You laugh at me for being different, but I laugh at you for being the same.
你嘲笑我和别人不一样，我嘲笑你和大家都一样 。
One of the most scaring things when you grow up is that you may become the one you used to look down upon.
长大成人这件事最令人恐惧的地方之一，在于，你或许会变成自己曾经最看不起的那种人。
When a girl confides her troubles to you,that's not complaint but her trust in you.
当一个女孩向你倾诉她的烦恼，那不是抱怨，那是她对你的信任。
When life is difficult and when everything turns bad, always remember that even a turtle can finish a race as long as he never gives up。
当生活变得艰难时，当一切都不顺时，也请记着，即使是乌龟，只要它不放弃，就能爬到终点。
If there is no cure for the pain,no shelter from the rain,you should not have fallen into love or gone into the cloud at first.No hope,no pain.
如果没有治愈伤痛的办法，没有可以躲雨的屋檐，那么在最初就应该避免沉浸在爱中，避免走进这场大雨，心不动，则不痛。
Sometimes it's difficult to express in words what the heart already knows.
有时候，尽管心里已经明白，但很难用言语来表达。
There is a time in life that is full of uneasiness.We have no other choice but to face it.
生命中总有那么一段时光，充满不安，可是除了勇敢面对，我们别无选择。
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry.
我知道再回首时，那些眼泪想来可笑；却不知再回眸时，那些欢声笑语也能叫我潸然泪下。
If you’re brave to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello.
如果你勇于对过去说声再见，生活就会回赠给你一个新的开始。
If you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never Done.
如果你想拥有你从未有过的东西，那么你必须去做你从未做过的事情。
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already.
改变世界不需要魔法，只要我们发挥出内在的力量。
Clearly knowing your signature is not for me, but I am self-deceiving accordingly.
明知道你的签名写的不是为我，而我却自欺欺人的对号入座。
No matter when you start, it is important that you do not stop after starting. No matter when you end, it is more important that you do not regret after ended.
不论你在什么时候开始，重要的是开始之后就不要轻言放弃；不论你在什么时候结束，重要的是结束之后就不要后悔。
Strive to make every day joyful and meaningful,not for others,but for myself.
要努力使每一天都开心而有意义，不为别人，为自己。
Lover is the one who would rather bear your complaints thousands of time than take a blame from others.
爱人，就是你一天骂个八百遍，却不许别人骂一下的人。
The major part pain, is not willing to leave the field the result, does not have the destiny misfortune, only then refuses stubbornly rigid which drops.
大部份的痛苦，都是不肯离场的结果，没有命定的不幸，只有死不放手的执着。
If only you could delete feelings the same way you delete text messages.
如果能像删掉那些信息一样删掉那些感情就好了。
Dream is like underwear.Although you have it,you can not show it to everyone you meet.
理想就像内裤，虽然你有，但是你不能逢人就证明你有。
Even if someone breaks your heart, there is always someone willing to mend it.
即使有人打碎了你的心，总还是会有人，愿意修补好它。
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
有时候你原谅一个人只是因为你还想和Ta在一起。
Affection is bleak, is usually a person in beg, another was reluctant to charity.
感情之所以惨淡，是通常一个人在乞求，另一个却不愿施舍。
Sometimes when you think the sky is about to fall down, you might be standing tilted!
有时候你以为天要塌下来了，其实是自己站歪了！
Love is an impossible encounter. For example, I am a bird flying in sky, you are a leopard in forest. We just fall in love accidentally.
缘分是不可能的相遇。比如我是空中的鸟，你是林中的豹，只是我们碰巧相爱。
Thinks you to be angry, if I expect, you is really angry. You said leave, have me to expect, you really leaves.
想你生气，如我所料，你真的生气。你说离开，出我所料，你真的离开。
It's fault if you get hurt of your expectations about them. Keep your expectations low, and just be happy.
因为对他人的期待而使自己受到伤害，这绝不是别人的错。期待不要太高，开心就好。
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
在你想要放弃的那一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了现在。
The happiest people with the biggest smiles are sometimes the best actors.
嘴角带着灿烂的微笑的幸福的人有时候只是个最佳演员而已。
Never Make Somebody Your Everything, cause when they're gone, you've got nothing。
无论如何，不能让某个人成为你的全部。若是有天他离开了，你将一无所有。
Life is like a multiple choice question. Sometimes, the choices confuse you, not the question itself.
人生就像是一道多项选择题，困扰你的，往往是众多的选择项，而不是题目本身。
Modern Family is one of the funniest shows of all time. I am literally laughing so hard Im crying and I cant breathe!
《摩登家庭》是最有趣的电视剧之一。我笑，我哭，我不能呼吸!
Don't waste your life trying to impress other people. Do what you love,love what you do.
别浪费时间去取悦无关紧要的人了。做你所爱的，爱你所做的。
A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present and encourages your future.
真正的朋友会接受你的过去，力挺你的现在，鼓舞你的将来！
Love, may not need to say. Like a person quietly, quietly, quietly pay attention to, but he must not know.
爱，或许不一定要说出口。悄悄地喜欢一个人，默默地关注，静静地留意，而他却并不一定要知道。
People mostly wants to be the sun that lights up your life. But I'd rather be your moon, so I can shine on you during your darkest hour.
别人多是想成为太阳，去照耀你的生活，可我只想作月亮，在你最黑暗的日子里，照亮着你。
The scariest thing about distance is that you are not sure if the person would either miss you or forget you.
关于距离，最让人怕的，就是会不确定，对方是惦记你，还是把你给忘记。
If everything in life is already known,then what's fun for tomorrow.
如果生活中一点未知数都没有，那明天还有什么意义。
If you start to miss me, remember, I didn't walk away. You let me go.
如果你开始想念我，记住了，不是我自己要走的，是你自己松手的。
Autumn cool, I stood in the Maple Leaf flying in the sky, only waiting for you Ruqierzhi the Maple Leaf the Fen Yang in the sky, lightly in the air, falling in the heart.
秋风透心凉，我站在漫天飞舞的枫叶中，只为等你如期而至枫叶，纷扬在天际，翩跹在空中，飘落在心里。
Gently raised head, not in tears in his eyes, the road ahead is long, forgotten with a smile is the best choice, just soak up the sun with a smile, a smile to greet spring!
轻轻的扬起头，眼角不在有泪痕，前方路好长，笑着遗忘是我最好的选择，笑着沐浴阳光正好，笑着迎接春暖花开!
Beautiful, always distant vistas.So be tempted, once close, it is only once beautiful, once for the King.
美丽，总在极目远眺的远方。于是被诱惑，一旦贴近，便只是曾经美丽，曾经为景。
Into the space every day I would habitually recent visitors, looking for a familiar picture.
每天进空间我都会习惯性在最近访客里，寻找一个熟悉的头像。
Now I know why pants to design twists, it is because no one holds my hand, from hides pocket to go.
现在才知道为什么裤子要设计兜兜、那是因为没人牵我手，自个揣兜走。
If you can explain why like a person, then there is no reason this is not love, true love, I love you, do not know why.
如果你能解释为什么会喜欢一个人，那么这不是爱情，真正的爱情没有原因，我爱你，不知道为什么。
Trust is the easiest thing in the world to lose，and the hardest thing in the world to get back．
信任是这个世界上最容易失去的东西，也是最难挽回的东西。
I prefer having your accompanying for life-long time to the short-time tenderness.
我不要短暂的温存，只要你一世的陪伴。
No matter when you start, it is important that you do not stop after starting.
不论你在什么时候开始，重要的是开始之后就不要轻言放弃；
Active long will be very tired, care about for a long time will crash!
主动久了会很累， 在乎久了会崩溃!
It's unavoidable to come into confrontation with someone during the lifetime.
有生之年，狭路相逢，终不能幸免。
Just forget me to get rid of the pain, leave the long-past love blown and gone with the wind.
忘了我就没有痛，将往事留在风中。
Parting and reunion, the life kept staged the play, accustomed to no longer pathos.
离别与重逢，是人生不停上演的戏，习惯了，也就不再悲怆。
The Yiyi tenderness two how fine like soft silk vague like wave.January infrequently round flower easy to drop, and his melancholy Ido.
依依脉脉两如何，细似柔丝渺似波。月不常圆花易落，一生惆怅为伊多。
Do not try so hard, the best things come when the most casual.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
I am happy to float in the air to every corner of the world, you got me?
我把幸福飘洒到世界每一个角落，远方的你收到了吗？
You laugh, I can be happy for days; see you cry once, I sad for several years.
你笑一次，我就可以高兴好几天；可看你哭一次，我就难过了好几年。
Don't let anyone’s ignorance, hate or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
别让任何人的忽视、憎恨或者否定阻挡你成为最好的自己。
I don't judge anyone by their father's actions. Or inactions. If that was your concern.
我不会根据一个人父亲的所作所为或不作不为来判断那个人。你放心了。
Don't pay attention to power struggles today. Focus on your personal relationships.
今天，不要把精力浪费在争权夺利中，你应该更加关注自己的个人关系。
One of my many, many dreams to check off of my "to-do" list: Design furniture like THIS.
有太多的梦想了，但现在想做的事情之一就是设计这样一件家具。
Back in business! :) Just finished the track walk in Spa. Can't wait to be back in the Car tomorrow!
又开始忙碌的工作!:) 刚刚走完斯帕赛道。等不及明天就可以回到赛车里了
There is need for urgent action on the crisis without delay.
有必要采取紧迫行动，应对危机，刻不容缓。
Great respect for Murrey. He finally got it and made another great story in sports. There won't be the over night championship, this guy made it after 4 second place.
好样的，穆雷。他终于得到了，他创造了体育界的又一个好故事，冠军不会突然出现，穆雷拿了4个亚军后做到了。
The deficit-financing bond bill and the new energy promotion bill which Kan advocates passed Friday.
菅直人所提倡的用于弥补预算赤字的债券发行计划及可再生能源推广使用议案亦在周五通过。
Xiamen stone fair is coming now,it's a good exhibition in China.
廈门石材展马上就要到了，今年的三八婦女節不用在外地過了。
Forget the painful past and if so, is also true today. However, before the pain because can not remember the pain today, but is afraid he can not forget.
忘记是很痛苦的， 从前如是，今天也如是。不过，以前的痛苦是因为记不起，今天的痛苦，却是怕自己无法忘记。
Destined to allow life to change, only a hundred years later, the life of a flower.
注定让一生改变的，只在百年后，那一朵花开的时间。
The most merciless word in the world is not sorry, nor I hate you. Instead, we can never go back again.
这个世界上最残忍的一句话，不是对不起，也不是我恨你，而是，我们再也回不去。
Never forget what someone says to you when they're angry, because that's when the cover-up truth comes out.
不要忘掉别人生气时候说的话，因为往往那才是真相！
A true friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
一个真正的朋友是向你伸出手，触动你心灵的人。
I keep in mind about the convention. If you do not leave, I do not discard. I keep in mind about the convention. If you do not leave, I do not discard.
关于约定我铭记于心。你若不离，我亦不弃。 关于约定我铭记于心。你若不离，我亦不弃。
The vast land to do pull broken sword, where bustling complains drop. Reclining cloud thousands of pot cover lonely, even if others laugh at me empty.
苍茫大地一剑尽挽破，何处繁华笙歌落。斜倚云端千壶掩寂寞，纵使他人空笑我。
Strong tea, mixed with fresh lemon floating in Rose ShengFa the garden, like love, bitter sweet.
浓郁的茶香，夹杂着柠檬的清新，飘荡在玫瑰盛发的花园，好似初恋一般，苦涩的甜蜜。
Can not tell the joy or bitter.Without looking, big step into the future. N years after the good will get together again. We always face the brave adhere to.
说不出是喜悦，还是苦涩。头也不回，大步迈向未来。说好N年后，一定会再相聚。我们始终面对勇敢坚持。
I like winter, because the day is short and the long night, I would have more time to escape.
我喜欢冬天，因为白昼短暂而黑夜漫长，这样会有更多的时间来逃避。
I had looked in the paper cranes to make a wish, I have to love you for life, I did it, because we're heart to heart.
我曾经对着千纸鹤许愿，说我一定要爱你一生一世，我做到了，因为，我们俩是心连心的。
this month's edition of Madame Figaro has my interview, trouble you guys to go and buy a copy! I need your support!
太棒了，这月刊的费加罗有我的专访，麻烦大家支持一下买一本。需要你们的支持！ Awesome,
For those that guessed Yiwu, you are correct. Good people, good food, lots of fun. Good night friends.
那些猜是义乌的人，你们猜对了。善良的人们，美味的食品，很多乐趣。晚安，朋友们
Upset to see the buckeyes lose tonight. But it looks like we gave em everything we had.
看到buckeyes今晚输了有些沮丧。但看来我们把已有的一切都给了他们
I was on the East coast of the USA with 600 customers and Computer builders and the buzz was #Ultrabooks with #Win8 and touch is going to be the machine to lust for.
在美国的东海岸，与600个客户及电脑厂商一同，讨论运用win8系统和触屏功能的超极本。是否正是大家所期待的呢
My brother and his family have been in Africa highlighting the important battle against the spread of the AIDS virus. As the endemic ravaged Africa, as President he showed enormous courage in standing up to this global threat.
我哥哥和他家人曾去非洲强调对抗艾滋病毒传播的重要性。由于非洲地方病肆虐，作为总统，他显示了巨大的勇气来抵抗这一全球性的威胁。
Spending my day listening to Sting, one of my many influences!
一整天都在听Sting的歌，他是众多影响我的艺术家之一
(Moscow) With a smile on her face, dressed in a simple black peacoat and carrying an elegant unbranded bag, China’s new first lady stepped into the international limelight on Friday and became an instant internet sensation back home.
莫斯科）脸上带着微笑，穿着简单大方的黑色peacoat，携带一个优雅的无品牌包包，我国新任第一夫人，上周五步入国际瞩目的焦点，瞬间变成了祖国互联网热点。
19 years ago my wife blessed me wit my 1st born spanky danky love u boo. Happy c day lil homie u almost a dub cuz! Jah Rastafari
19年前我的妻子为我生下了我的第一个孩子Spanky Danky。爱你。生日快乐小朋友。你同样也有个绰号！雷鬼上帝
Hope you guys are enjoying our BRAND NEW video for our cover of 'Come Together' ! Thank you for helping spread the word & sharing it with others xxx
希望你们都能喜欢我们的为"Come Together"录制的音乐录影带！谢谢你们和他人宣传分享。爱你们
At the ice bar in Stockholm in ponchos from the future- Just ordered a reindeer cocktail
钻石正在Stockholm的一家冰吧里喝鸡尾酒[猥琐]钻石跑到瑞典去了
Some of the old people pinned their hopes on government relief.
有些老年人把希望寄托在政府的救济上。
I wish a wonderful Valentine's Day to all my China fans!
中国的粉丝们，祝你们七夕情人节快乐！
I hope all my girls get what they want on this special day!
我希望所有的女生在这特别的节日里都能心想事成
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
美国人可以越过海洋去为民主作斗争，却连过条街去投个票都懒得去。
Each person is born when the original, sadly, many people gradually became pirates.
每个人出生的时候都是原创，可悲的是很多人渐渐都成了盗版。
Spring, I think of you, summer, I still want you, through the fall and winter, like your heart is still.
春天，我想你，夏天，我依然想你，走过秋冬，想你的心依旧。
You don't need somebody to interpret for you what a beautiful sunrise it is.
日出之美，无需言语来描述。
Opportunities are like sunrises -- if you wait too long, you miss them.
机会如同日出——等得太久就会错过。
Autumn is a second spring where every leaf is a flower.
秋是第二个春，每片叶都是一朵花。
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
预言未来的最好方法就是创造未来。
No matter how far you may fly, never forget where you come from.
无论你能飞多远，都别忘了你来自何方。
If you wept for the missing sunset, you would miss all the shining stars.
如果你为错过夕阳而哭泣，那你要错过群星。
The most striking difference between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only 9 lives.
猫和谎言之间最显著的差异之一是猫仅九条命。
Thanks for keeping me company. We both never need feel lonely any more.
谢谢你的陪伴，我们都不再孤单。
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
时未尽，工未成，轻下结论，为时尚早。
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.
知足是人生在世最大的幸事。
As each day backs away, we grow up little by little.
每一个日子往后退去，人就长大成年。
I only pray our life be long and our souls together heavenward fly!
但愿人长久，千里共婵娟。
True happiness is of a retired nature, and an enemy to pomp and noise.
真正的幸福不显山露水，它摈弃浮华和喧嚣。
The autumn river shares a scenic hue with the vast sky.
秋水共长天一色。
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it.
不去追逐你所渴求的，你将永远不会拥有。
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
教育的根是苦的，但其果实是甜的。
If you would go up high, then use your own legs!
如果你想走到高处，就要使用自己的两条腿！
Calm is my soul, and clear, like the mountains in the morning.
我的灵魂宁静、无瑕，如拂晓之群山。
Perhaps love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
爱情或许就是我带你找回自我的一段温柔旅程。
In the world of love, no one is indebted to others, while many people don't know how to cherish others.
在爱的世界里，没有谁对不起谁，只有谁不懂得珍惜谁。
Many people start a career with a dream, and then get busy forgetting it.
很多人一开始为了梦想而忙，后来忙得忘了梦想。
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
如果你明确自己的方向，世界也会为你让路。
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
永远面向阳光，这样你就看不见阴影了。
Well is it known that ambition can creep as well as soar.
众所周知，胸有大志者能屈能伸。
I only wish to face the sea, with spring flowers blossoming.
我只愿面朝大海，春暖花开。
Red sky in the morning, sailors take warning. Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
早霞不出门，晚霞行千里。
Such kindness as young grass receives from the warm sun can’t be repaid.
谁言寸草心，报得三春晖？
You’ve got a smile that could light up this whole city.
你的笑容，点亮了整座城市。
Good temper is like a sunny day; it sheds its brightness everywhere.
好性情犹如艳阳天，到处散播光明。
We always have time enough, if we will but use it alright.
善用时间，何愁时间不够用？
You are beautiful, but that is not why I love you.
你如此美丽，但我并非因此而爱你。
A book is a gift you can open again and again.
书籍是一件可以一次又一次打开的礼物。
Our eyes do not show a lack of beauty, but a lack of observation.
世上不是缺少美，而是缺少发现美的眼睛。
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
船泊港湾固然安全，但这不是造船的初衷。
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
初恋就是一点点笨拙外加许许多多好奇。
Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves.
愿生如夏花之绚烂，死如秋叶之静美。
I came into this world to see the sunlight, the skyline’s sapphire glow.
我来到这个世界，为了看看阳光和蓝色地平线。
A father's greatest dream is that his child's life is filled with joy.
父亲最大的梦想就是让孩子的生活充满快乐。
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist.
人应该生活，而不仅仅是生存。
The wise find pleasure in water; the virtuous find pleasure in hills.
智者乐水，仁者乐山。
So long as there is a beginning, there will be no end. – Kun Chen
行走，只要开始，就不会结束。 - 陈坤
It's a lifetime of secrets,of counter-moves and deception.Those who do not want to enter this world can now leave without embarrassment.
你的一生都将生活在秘密、对抗和阴谋中。不想干这行的人可以现在离开，没人会笑你。
To Logan Henderson, miss you too buddy...celebration's on for sure when you return!
对Logan Henderson说，好想你呀，兄弟。。。你回来的时候一定给你好好庆祝
She was a distinguished scientist and a gifted painter into the bargain.
她是一位杰出的科学家－－同时还是一位很有才华的画家呢
O'Brien spoke his prompting lines with the confidence of an actor in a long-running play.
奥布赖恩象一出长期连续上演的戏剧中的演员一样,信心十足地讲着他的提词
The big star is on the road, kids wait for me!
耍大牌在路上，孩子们等我!
Give yourself time to sort through how you feel about a new person in your life.
给自己一些时间好好想想，你到底是怎样看待生活中出现的那个新家伙。
"We are going to go from green versus gold to green equals gold,” says Moody. Because the only way to grow without consuming more resources is through systemic breakthroughs in efficiency.
环境保护与经济增长之间的关系将从对立走向对等。”穆迪说。这是因为，不增加资源消耗而维持经济增长的唯一途径就是实现效率上的全面突破。//@w-a-Y-n-e: 没看明白[晕]【6月号摘选
The law  is like a net. Little fish slip through it. Great fish crash through it. And all the rest are hopelessly entangled in it.
一句有趣的西方谚语：法律和网一样，小鱼从缝隙钻出去，大鱼用蛮力撞穿出去，其它的鱼绝望地被捕获。
This is a good day for brainstorming. Don't worry about follow-through yet.
今天是刮起头脑风暴，集思广益的好日子。不要有后顾之忧。
Animators and Video Editors! Come work on these 2 projects I'll be screening for 800 people tomorrow.
动漫作者和视频编辑们！加入这两个项目吧！我明天要把它们放给800个人看。
I rented out the little sandwich kiosk down in the lobby.
我把下面大厅的三明治小店租下来了。
He who does not travel does not know the value of men.
不旅行，那就不知道自己的价值。
Recently auditioned for many exciting roles in tv and movies...hope I hear good feedback soon~!!!Fingers & toes crossed!
最近面試了很多令我超興奮的電視和電影角色...我希望很快可以得到好的回答!!!
We convert him, we capture his inner mind, we reshape him.
我们要改造他,争取他的内心,使他脱胎换骨
Late night snack: tuna, walnuts, onions, and olive oil. You want aome
宵夜:金枪鱼，杏仁儿，洋葱和橄榄油。想吃吗
With your new identity,you must part your hair differently,walk differently,wear your wallet in a different pocket.
既然有了新身份，你就要改变你的发型、走路的方式、以及钱包放的地方都要变
Diane Keaton still looks amazing and in film Something's Got To Give even did a nude scene - aged 61.
尽管已61岁了,黛安娜·基顿仍然看起来光彩照人,甚至不惧在电影中裸体出镜
My cue is an old billiards cue and it's about 100 years old! I found it in a garage
我的球杆是个老台球杆，有差不多一百年的历史了。是我在一个车库找到的
He that lies down with dogs must rise up with fleas.
近朱者赤，近墨者黑。
Govern your thoughts when alone, and your tongue when in company.
一人独处慎于思，与人相处慎于言。
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
始于所立，用你所有，做你所能。
Opportunities are not offered. They must be wrested and worked for. And this calls for perseverance and courage.
机会不能唾手可得，需经由争取及努力才可得到，而这需要毅力及勇气。
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
在一个时时想把你变为另一个人的世界里，做你自己是最大的成就。
Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther.
走到你能看到最远之处，当你到那，你将能够看到更远。
Fortune does favor the bold and you'll never know what you're capable of if you don't try.
运气的确是眷顾有勇气的人，你如果不尝试，你永远不知道你能完成什么。
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself.
如果你想要更多，你得对自己要求更多。
Trying to get without first giving is as fruitless as trying to reap without having sown.
没有先付出就想要得到，犹如没有播种就想要收割般徒劳。
If you care about what others think of you, then you will always be their slave.
总在乎其他人怎么看你，那你会一直是他人的奴隶。
By reading we enrich the mind; by conversation we polish it.
读书可以使我们的思想充实，谈话使其更臻完美。
True Strength is being able to hold it together when everyone is expecting you to fall apart.
真正的坚强是当所有的人都希望你崩溃的时候，你还可以振作。
Winners are not people who never fail, but people who never quit.
赢家不是那些从不失败的人，而是属于那些从不放弃的人。
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
成功是历经一次又一次的失败却仍不失热忱的能力。
Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
完美不是做非凡的事，而是把平凡的事做得非凡的好。
A silent tongue and true heart are the most admirable things on earth.
缄默的嘴，真诚的心，是世界上最令人赞美的东西。
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
未来属于那些相信他们梦想之美的人。
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
永远做一流的自己，而不做二流的别人。
Without the element of enjoyment, it is not worth trying to excel at anything.
缺乏乐趣，在任何领域达到卓越都不值得。
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
地球是圆的，而看似像终点的地方可能也只是起点。
Diligence is the mother of good fortune, and idleness never led to good intention's goal.
业精于勤而荒于嬉。
You guys are amazing! Thank you for all of you who are following me! I feel loved China!
你们都好棒喔！谢谢所有关注我的中国粉丝们！我感受到了你们的爱哦
McDavid B-Ball team lets go! Even though I can't make it today, I'll still be there in spirit! Rock it!
迈克达威篮球队加油！虽然今天的比赛我来不了，我灵魂就在你身边啊！可以怎么说吗
He longed to cast off the exuberance of joy that oppressed him.
他非常希望发泄一下积压在心头的极度欢乐。
Finally arrived in Manilla! That's quite a jaunt. Can't wait to play already!
终于到马尼拉了！这真是一次很远的旅程啊。等不及要去表演啦！
The dinosaurs and numerous other reptiles which had previously been dominant were extinct.
先前曾占主位的恐龙以及许多其他爬行动物到了这时都绝灭了。
You can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.
你可以完成任何事情，只要你愿意付出代价。
Everybody thinks of changing humanity, and nobody thinks of changing himself.
每个人都在想改变别人，但没有人在想改变自己。
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
别自寻烦恼地只想比你同辈或是先辈们出色，试着比你自己更出色吧。
Be open to learning new lessons even if they contradict the lessons you learned yesterday.
敞开心胸学习新的东西，即使它与你昨天学到的互相抵触。
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
我们都有梦想，但为了让我们的梦想成为现实，需要的是非常大的决心、奉献、自律及努力。
If you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.
如果你坚定信念，就会梦想成真。
A mother's love is like a circle. It has no beginning and no ending.
母爱就像一个圆，没有起点，也没有终点。
If youth is a defect, it is one that we outgrow only too soon.
假如青春也是一种缺憾，那就是它逝去得太快。
If wrinkles must be written upon our brows, the only thing you can do is not let them be written upon the heart.
如果额头终将刻上皱纹，你只能做到，不让皱纹刻在你的心上。
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
勇气是抵御恐惧，把握恐惧，而不是没有恐惧。
Dreams are one of those things that keep you going and happy.
梦想，就是一种让你坚持，让你幸福的东西。
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.
你梦想变得不可能的唯一地方是在你自己的想法里。
If you want something, don't wish for it. Life is too short to wait.
如果你想要某样东西，别等着有人会送给你。生命太短，等不得。
He that can't endure the bad will not live to see the good.
忍不了痛苦，就见不到幸福。
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
一个尝试错误的人生，不但比无所事事的人生更荣耀，并且更有意义。
A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no. That's where toughness comes into play. Toughness is not being a bully. It's having backbone.
很多人害怕说真话，害怕说不，那正是表现强硬的时刻，强硬不是恃强欺弱，而是有骨气。
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.
善行无辙迹，善言无瑕谪。
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
被击倒不是最大的失败，没有尝试才是真正的失败。
Life just doesn't hand you things. You have to get out there and make things happen. That's the exciting part.
人生不会直接给你东西，你必须走出去使事情发生，而这正是令人兴奋的部分。
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
世界是一本书，不旅行的人只读了其中一页。
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
你愈喜欢自己，你就愈不像其它人，而这会使得你变得独特。
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
世界上最强大的武器是充满激情的灵魂。
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.
只要有考试，学校里就会有祷告者。
Plenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it.
许多人错失属于他们的快乐，不是因为他们从没找到，而是因为他们没有停下来享受它。
Family--there is nothing more important. They're the ones who show up when we're in trouble, the ones who push us to succeed, the ones who help keep our secrets.
家人是世上最珍贵的，困难时他们突然出现；有意无意时他们助推成功；守密时他们相依为伴。
One of the best feelings in the world is when you're hugging the person you love, and they hug you back even tighter.
世界上最美妙的一件事是，当你拥抱一个你爱的人，他竟然把你抱得更紧。
The clock is running. Make the most of today. Time waits for no man. Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it is called the present.
时光飞逝，抓住今天。昨天已成为历史，明天是未知的，而今天是上天赐予我们的礼物，这就是为什么我们把它叫做现在！
Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties.
许多人一生的丰功伟业，要归功于他们所遇到的巨大困难。
Only through focus can you do world-class things, no matter how capable you are.
不管你的能力如何，只有透过专注你才能做世界级的事。
The sun was rising fiery red, and somehow now though we could barely stand up we were fighting. Not warriors. Not duelists. This was a brawl
红日初生，不知怎地连站都站不稳的我们就开始大打出手。不是战士。不是决定对象。而是大声地吵闹
reba: RedCross is giving support to families across US affected by wildfires and flooding. reba
红十字给予那些在美国受到森林大火和洪水灾难的家庭一定的帮助
You, me, your puppy are trapped in that local universe of our perceptions. If we can escape, there are many other possible ways of seeing things.
我和你,甚至连你的小狗都会被限制在自己的有限的认知里, 如果我们能逃出来的话,我们会有很多不同看待事情的方法的.
The pitiful condition of their workshop became more of hindrance than ever.
本来就够凄凉可怜的工作间,比以前更成问题了。
New partner! Even though it's cold out today still persisting to be a environmental!
新的伙伴！虽然今天很冷自己还是要坚持做环保主持人，大家多骑自行车
There are tonnnnnes of bugs I front of me they are everywhere I think I am going to die.
为什么我要这么怕蟲子，我前面有50多蟲蟲我臉上也有。救我
To Gene Hong, Hahahaha. You just miss me. It's perfectly fine to admit it.
对Gene Hong说，哈哈哈。你就是想我了。承认吧，没关系的
Fold-out Folded sheet in text which opens out beyond the page size. Also called Gatefold, Throw
折叠插页屈折的内文书页。张开时,它较书页的尺寸为大
grand ideas are great, but you should also try to keep an eye on reality.
你的想法固然完美，但也要试着对现实投入更多的目光
The Global Times newspaper said around 500 protesters threw rocks at police vehicles and private cars, after authorities did not allow the victim's family to see the body
环球时报说有500多人行动，因为其拒绝广州死亡黑人的亲属看尸体。不知道为什么不让看这样下去只会让她的同胞们更气愤
You got a dream, you gotta protect it. People can't do something themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want something, go get it.
有梦想，就要捍卫它。那些一事无成的人想告诉你，你也成不了大器。你想要什么，就该努力去争取。
The headstrong new couple entered into a marriage doomed to failure.
这对人性的新人结成了一桩注定会失败的婚姻
NY, thanks for the amazing response tonight. It feels great to get that kind of love from 1 of the toughest crowds in the country. iiii]; )'
纽约的粉丝们，你们今晚的表现真是太棒了。能够得到你们的喜欢，这种感觉真是好，你们是最棒的。iiii]; )
This morning SKYPE with my parents, when my brother and I aren't at home they give their love to the "third son", our dog. Guess what our dogs name is?
早上和父母一起SKYPE, 哥哥和我不在家的时候他们就把爱给“老三“，那就是我们的狗狗。猜狗狗的名字是什么呢？跟北京有关的
On my last day in Shanghai before I returned to Singapore (18 May 2012) the skies cleared up and I had this wonderful view of the city :
幸亏我逗留上海的最后一天，当我回到新加坡前（2012年5月18日），上海的空气变成晴朗，让我看到这么美妙的景色 :)
This World Humanitarian Day I’m doing something good, somewhere, for someone else. Join me!
世界人道主义日，我正在某个地方帮助一些人。加入我的关爱活动吧
Government officials say the school is at fault for making such promises.
政府工作人员表示，校方当初宣传、承诺存在问题。
Some journalists not to position themselves on the party's propaganda workers, but positioned in the news professionals, this is a fundamental error on the positioning.
央视台长胡占凡：一些新闻工作者没将自己定位在党的宣传工作者上，而是定位在新闻职业者上，这是定位的根本错误。
Found my childhood flavor,juice milk powder and yummy vege rice mate at Cold storage in the Gardens, nice!
果汁牛奶是小时候的味道，素香松是拌饭的好东西，谷中城的cold storage真是找台湾食物的好地方
More services become economically feasible when large numbers of people are crowded into cities.
由于大量人口涌向城市,兴办更多的服务项目在经济上行得通了
Mr. Barroso said the current system that lets individual countries easily block policy is not working.
巴罗佐先生表示，允许个别国家轻松阻碍政策的现行体系没能发挥作用。
@周晓璇ZXX: hi we are about to find out at soundcheck, will txt you about it once we know, peace
@周晓璇ZXX:16mins是最后出场的吗？晚上有点事情，大概几点去能赶上
Our shared responsibility as world leaders is paramount. It is our duty to adopt here, in New York, substantial and far-reaching decisions.
我们作为世界领导人的共同责任至高无上。我们有义务在纽约这里采取广泛深远而实质性的决策。 见中国同传口译网
Deloitte Millennial Study: 78% of the world's future business leaders believe innovation is essential for business growth but only 26% of Millennials feel that business leaders are doing enough to encourage practices that foster innovation.
调查对象皆为“次世代”(Millennials)，指82年后出生、受过高等教育、有全职工作的群体。虽然领导都在强调创新重要性，而却只有26%的受访者觉得企业做了鼓励创新的工作【德勤千禧调查
It's time to make things equitable in your life -- repay what you owe to others.
到了在生活中引入公平的时候了——补偿你所亏欠于人的。
Everyday rehearsal 10 hours, travel time back and fourth 2 hours, running 1 hour, sleeping 4 hours. Welcome to my world.
每天排练10个小时，来回交通时间2个小时，跑步一个小时，睡觉四个小时,欢迎来我的世界。
Be good to yourself - a lifetime isn't long. Be good to others - you might not meet them in the next life.
好好对自己，一辈子没多长；好好对别人，下辈子不一定能遇上。
On Halloween, people can dress as a witch flying on broomsticks, or a ghost dancing on the dance floor.
在万圣节前夜,人们可以装扮成骑着扫帚飞的女巫,或是在舞池中起舞的幽灵
Five years ago, the world’s leaders met here to declare a new vision for a new age. The Millennium Summit was a response to a global moral consensus
五年前，世界各国领导人在此聚会宣布了一个新时代的新愿景。千年峰会就是为了应对全球达成的道德共识
Finally finished filming for the day, and this time, I was operating the camera! Hehe Good night all!!
拍了全晚，終於拍完了！这一次我是在鏡頭後的！哈哈！大家晚安了!
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
我不知道第三次世界大战会用什么武器，但我知道第四次世界大战将用棍棒和石头。想学英语就收听
Management group of a recently privatized Chinese corporation created a strategy based corporate change program with implementation teams.
民营化的中国国营企业的管理层和其履行团队设立一套以战略为基础的企业变革计划
To Sarah Graham, The road is pretty damn good. Nothing but great gigs. Really loving these tours. 2 gigs &; 3 days and then I'm home to NYC!
对Sarah Graham说，这一路的摇滚演出是相当不错的。。真的很喜欢这些巡演，还剩下3天中的两场音乐会了。然后就要启程回纽约啦
STILL SWINGIN lyrics via fan photos!! Thank you guys so much!
粉丝们照片中的“STILL SWINGING”歌词！！太感谢你们啦
Google is gaining ground against Facebook by integrating Google+ with the top-tier properties, including Web search engine, Gmail, YouTube, business listings and so on.
谷歌将Google+与其顶级业务网络搜索引擎、Gmail、YouTube、企业排名业务整合在一起，在与Facebook的竞争中正在取得进展
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
在你想要放弃的那一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了这里。（各位，早安!
Even children with problems, nothing more rewarding than having a child.
甚至连小孩们有问题的,没有什么更有价值的,比有一个孩子
Reaction pushes the plane through the air, just as reaction sends skyrockets into the heavens.
反作用力推动飞机穿空而过,正如反作用力把高空探测火箭送进天空一样。
The row filtered down the corridor, as months of pent-up resentment poured out.
压抑了好几个月的怒火爆发了,争吵声沿着走廊传出了老远
Guys help me out, my money trees leaves' are slowly dying, how do I take care of it?
大家帮忙，我发财树的叶子在慢慢死掉，我怎么照顾它呢?
Separation along these lines would not remove all the risks. It would be an important stride in that direction.
按照这些原则分离业务虽不能消除所有风险,却是向实现这一目标迈出重要的一步
Finally back home.Need to pack my luggage for my Shanghai trip tomorrow after my bath. See you in
Shanghai終於回到家，洗完澡還要收拾行李準備明天的上海之旅，上海見
Cheersssss!!!! To new day! A new album a new me!!!! ;-) so much love to EVERY1 who helped make this moment
干杯！！！！为新的一天！一张全新的专辑和一个全新的我！！！！：-）非常感谢促成此刻的每一个人
Any person who, by his immediate action and without danger to himself or others could have prevented either a felonious act or a misdemeanor against the person, willfully fails to do so, shall be punished by jailing for 5 years and by a fine of EUR75,000.
任何人对处于危险中的他人，能够采取行动，或者能唤起救助行动，且对其本人或第三人均无危险，而故意放弃给予救助的，处5年监禁并扣7.5万欧元罚金。——《法国刑法典
I love a good movie puke. RT carlyehudson "50/50 had the most realistic vomiting sound I've ever heard in a movie.
"超爱经典的呕吐戏。RT crlyehudson：“50/50里的呕吐声音是我听过最逼真的
Catching up, just started watching Lost season 3. Every episode is crazy! What's your favourite television series?
追剧中，正在开始看《迷失》第三季。每一集都超级好看！你们最爱的电视剧是哪一部呢
If you want to design some Racing Shoes for me follow this link and send your ideas!
如果你想帮我设计赛车鞋，点击这个链接送上你的作品吧
Join the LPU video chat with Mike Shinoda now at http://t.cn/zlympTS
现在加入http://t.cn/zlympTa网站，和Mike Shinoda进行视频聊天吧
Ricky Martin说：To all the victims, today, tomorrow, 100 years from now we will ALWAYS remember you with love #GodBlessAmerica# #GodBlessOurWorld
致所有的遇难者：今天，明天以及从现在起的100年我们都会用爱将你们铭记在心（3小时前
The world's oldest fish hook has been unearthed at a site in East Timo
发表了博文 《康志刚：考古学家发现世界上最古老的鱼钩
If you really want to do something, you will find a way; if you don't, you will find an excuse!
当你真心想做一件事的时候，你总会找到相应的方法；相反，你只会不断寻找借口
Just ran 7.21 miles, also went by a famous building, ah ah.
跑步挑战#刚跑了7.21英里同时经过一个著名建筑，呵呵。
Thanks for your nice comment. Paris does enjoy the class. She wants ballet everyday. [good]
谢谢你的好的评论。Paris确实喜欢这门课。她想要的芭蕾舞每天
The iPad 3 is definitely going to launch early March.  There is still a strong rumor that it will be announced January 24, which is Steve Jobs birthday.  This version will be a "category killer" with a quad core processor, double the screen resolution and upgraded software!!!
3一定会在3月初上市。之前一个谣言说是1月24日，那是因为那天是Steve Jobs的生日。这个版本将是一个有四核心处理器的“分类商店”，屏幕分辨率翻倍，软件也进行了升级
is coming to a close. While we don't have a crystal ball to look into the future, we can study current trends to predict what's ahead of us. Check out Intel's prediction of technology trends in Asia for the Year of the Snake! http://t.cn/zjiNQxL
年接近尾声。虽然没有预知未来的水晶球，我们依然可以通过研究当前的趋势，从而预测下一步会发生什么。这里是英特尔关于蛇年亚洲技术趋势的预测：http://t.cn/zjiNQxL2012
I love this idea.  "We have a strategic plan. It's called doing things."   Absolutely right. Sometimes you can't get it perfect, but quick and decisive action is most important for any organization.  Don't ever forget it!!!
我爱这个观点。"我们有一个战略计划，叫行动起来"。这绝对正确。有时你不可能做到完美，但是迅速和果断的行动对任何一个组织而言都是最重要的。千万不要忘记
Ricky Martin说：I keep meeting a lot of religious ppl that aren't spiritual at all. And a lot of spiritual ppl that aren't religious @ all. I stay w the
我不断会见到很多完全没有灵性的宗教人士，同时很多有灵性的非宗教人士。我选择加入后者。（13小时前
The adoption of policies designed to stabilize and restructure the economy will stimulate growth, even in an adverse world environment.
即使是在不利的世界环境中,只要采取措施稳定的调整经济结构的政策也会刺激增长
I had lost so much blood that the letter devolved into rambling about how much I loved Ghostbusters, and then into notes for a sequel.
因为我流了太多的血，所以我的信写着写着就变成我有多喜爱《捉鬼敢死队》，还有对续集的建议
I can't believe it's taken me this long to start following Chris Rock. What is wrong with me?
我简直不敢相信自己居然花了这么长时间才开始关注Chris Rock。我到底是怎么了
The implied claim that mine was the centra role was bound to be an affront to any president.
这种意味着自称我起了中心作用的话,肯定要得罪任何一位总统
As usual, im depending on last-minute packing to do the trick.
和往常一样，我总是等到最后一刻才开始打包。
Santa Claus came early, what type of presents did he leave us?
圣诞老人来早了，送给我们什么样的礼物呢
When I go back to my wife's hometown, everyone there is like
当我去老婆的老家的时候，她的老乡都就像这样
AC米兰球员阿尔贝蒂尼）Almost sure that this weekend we will not play. I still try to reach an agreement, but it seems impossible. In Spain, instead, they are going to play, they found an agreement.
几乎可以肯定本周末不会开赛。我仍在努力达成协议，但看来不大可能。西班牙准备开赛了，他们找到了解决办法。（图为托马西与意大利足协副主席，前
Can anyone tell me what this is and if I should eat it? Will I die?
有谁能告诉我这个是什么东东，吃了会死吗
China's e-commerce giant Jingdong Mall announced Saturday that it has secured 700 million U.S. dollars in its latest fundraising effort.
前日晚，京东商城宣布完成新一轮约7亿美元的普通股股权融资，据悉，这是公开资料显示的京东商城第四次融资。
1、Beijing is finally going to do something about the pollution. It's going to put up signs that say: THANK YOU FOR NOT CHOKING
. 北京终于要对污染做些什么事了，它打算树起标牌写着：“感谢你不窒息”。
Good win tonight.  One more game then it's the real thing!
今晚赢得很漂亮。再赢一场就来真的了
The world film community is attuned to whatever beat it is.
世界电影界都为之调整,不管那是什么调子。
What do you think it means when a biker pats the top of his or her helmet?
如果一个骑摩托车的人拍一拍头盔是什么意思。让我想想
Much domestic reporting has focused on the country’s controversial Railway Ministry.
中国许多国内媒体的报道都将关注点集中在备受争议的铁道部身上
Every single community is always a part of some larger and more inclusive one.
每一个单一的社区往往是一些较大的、包容更广阔的社区的一个组成部分
It's going to be a great show! Don't miss The GRAMMYs tomorrow night!
这一定会是场精彩的演出！不要错过明晚的格莱美哦
To Tattoogoddess03 ;) I think I'd be doin the US a favor if I brought him back w me.
对Tattoogoddess03说;) 如果把他带回来的话，我想我会给美国帮个大忙。
Anyone gotten this one? The Lion installer on my air has gone into negative numbers and is counting upwards.
这个弄到了吗？我的苹果air的Lion安装程序都走负数了，而且越走越负
high 2.2356 million people from the Chinese mainland visited Taiwan in 2012, a year-on-year increase of 49 percent, according to statistics released by Taiwan authorities.
转发微博来自台湾旅行业品质保障协会的统计显示，2012年陆客来台总人数为223万5,635人，比上年的增加49%.A record
Am I the only one who wants to give Spencer a hug right now!? REPOST if you agree!
现在我是唯一一个想给Spencer拥抱的人吗！？如果你同意的话，就转发吧
Sometimes our security will require confronting threats directly and so a great coalition of nations has come together to fight the terrorists across the world
有时我们的安全要求我们直接应对威胁。因此一个由各国组成的伟大联盟已经团结在一起，共同打击全世界的恐怖分子
I admire the valiant efforts of the canoe team. I recently learned about a Chinese emoticon “JIONG”. It seems quite appropriate in this case
挺佩服这几位皮划艇队员的勇敢行动。我最近学到了一个中文网络表情语[囧]，似乎用在这里很贴切
ASEAN considers whether to add Hong Kong to free trade agreement
东盟考虑是否在自由贸易协定中加入香港
Ricky Martin转自Mishaandtom：We're 2 dolphins trapped in a pool in Hisaronu,Turkey in unfit water.Pls help us with a (please RT ) peta
我们是两只海豚，被困在土耳其Hisaronu的一个水池子里，里面的水不适合我们生存，快让动物保护协会救救我们！（8小时前
It starts with one thing I don't know why,it doesn't even matter how hard you try.
现在有件事我不明白,为什么不管你怎样努力都无济于事.
The businessman, enraged at being discovered, attacked the company serviceman with a pipe wrench and beat him badly.
这个商人由于被人发觉而恼羞成怒,拿起一把管道扳子把公司维修工人痛揍了一顿。
Where Shak will sign bottles of her fragrance at Sephora Champs Élysées.
我在丝芙兰香榭大街分店将要签售我的香水的地方
I mean literally that she pushes the search for perfection too far that her merits are in themselves overstrained.
我的确切意思是,她对完美的要求提得太高,这么一来,她就过分渲染了她自己的优点
This is the woman responsible for me being able to play classical piano. Thank you, Grandma.
就是这个女人让我能够在现在弹奏古典钢琴。谢谢你，奶奶。
A record 247 million U.S. shoppers visited stores and websites over Thanksgiving weekend, up from 226 million last year, according to an industry survey released on Sunday.
感恩节周末，有大概2亿4千万人在商店或是网上享受一年一度的打折季抢购，这打破了去年2亿2千万的纪录
Will someone tell Donald Trump that we don't live in Gotham City?
有人可以告诉Donald Trump我们不住在高谭市吗
I prefer it when my iPhone screen is cracked. It looks more soulful that way.
我更喜欢有裂缝的iPhone屏幕。那样看起来更有灵魂
Many development strategies now give priority to agricultural and rural development.
现在,许多发展战略都把农业和农村的发展放在优先地位
Hello everyone in China! I'll be in Hong Kong on the Sept 27! Follow me & @Maroon5_Official . Share this post and 4 fans will get a Maroon 5 signed CD album!
中国的粉丝大家好，我们会在9月27日来到香港与大家见面，关注我和@Maroon5_Official 并转发这条微博，我们会选择4位粉丝赠送签名CD
Who caught my little cameo on American Idol tonight?  Best of luck to the remaining contestants!
谁看了我今晚在《美国偶像》上的演出？祝余下的参赛者好运
Had a great time performing at the Trevor Live benefit tonight.
今晚在“Trevor Live”慈善活动上表演，度过了非常棒的时光
Arab world’s younger generation is at the vanguard of a sweeping and seductive cultural revolution.
纽约时报书评，讲阿拉伯的年青一代处于一个“有诱惑力”的、“全面的”文化革命的前沿
The kids love to ride the special bikes at Century Park in Shanghai.  It's such a beautiful large park.  And they manage to get 4 kids on one bike!!!
孩子们爱在世纪公园骑这种特殊的自行车。这个公园真大真美丽。而且他们让4个孩子骑在一辆车子上噢
By the standards of history, his execution in 399 B.C. was singularly humane.
按照历史的标准来看,公元前399年处死他的方式是异常人道的。
GG说的话】Guys, you may know that the easiest way to get a girl to calm down is a tight hug and a tender kiss . Believe it or not!
男生们，你们要知道，吵架时最简单能让女生安静下来的方法就是紧紧的抱着她，给她一个温柔的吻。信不信由你
We made him very merry, and I proved very dexterous in catching fish.
我们很得他的欢心,同时我的捕鱼技术也很高明
Ricky Martin转自thecoolhunter：Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it. LoL
那些批评我们这一代的人，恰恰忘了我们是谁养成的。哈哈（8小时前
Carrot cake. My one true love... other than Michaela of course. Lol
胡萝卜蛋糕是我唯一的真爱...当然除了Michaela。
Well that gym session was fun. Think I'll go back to running. Or crawling as the case may be at this moment!
刚才在健身房练得不错。以后还是练跑步吧，不去健身房了，不然只能爬着走了
The students' unfolding gifts may perhaps be speeded up by a teacher's insight and care.
学生们尚未展现的才能也许会由于一位教师的远见和关怀而得到更快的发掘
Si, wide distribution. Tho,retailers base orders on presales. Get it now! RT SeviWate: Do u know if it is going to be out in bookstores?
有啊，发行范围很广的，不过零售商都是根据预售情况下订单的。快点抢购吧！RT SeviWate:书店有没有得卖啊
Afraid you miss out on any important announcements via twitter? Just head on over to http://t.cn/zWOKbak for the latest news/announcements!
担心错过推特上发布的关于我们的重要公告吗？那就上http://t.cn/zWOKbaD关注我们的最新动态吧
Mike is appearing live on What's Trending today at 12pm PT. Get your questions ready.
Mike太平洋时间晚上12点会在What's Trending现身，准备好你们的问题哟。
As for believing things, I can believe anything, provided that it is quite incredible.
至于相信与否,除非实在是无稽之谈,否则我一概都相信
bright and earl---i mean dark. 'Dark and Early'. Too dark and early if you ask me!
早上5点明亮的呀---我的意思是很黑.'又黑又早'.如果你问我的话,太黑又太早了.
Egypt, relieved for a time from Assyrian pressure, entered upon a phase of revival.
埃及由于暂时没有遭受亚述的压迫而进入了一个中兴阶段。
(Sigh) Tired of being crazy today. Makes it hard to hold on to the things u love. Oh well (shrug) at least I remember seeing her smile
今天太疯狂了。很难留住那些你爱的东西。好吧（耸耸肩），至少我记得看到了她的笑容
The sun was low when the Moray, overhauling the freighters in an end run at long range, submerged.
在远距离尾随的“海鳗号”赶上那些货轮并潜入水中时,太阳已经西斜。
I'm up, slept two and a half hours, why is it like this?
起来了， 睡了２个多小时。为什么这样呢
Hackers attacked about 40 South Korean government and private websites Friday, prompting officials to warn of a substantial threat to the country's computers.
本周五，韩国约40个政府和私人网站遭到黑客攻击。韩国官员警告说，该国计算机正遭受大规模威胁
M is finally able to stay with me when i'm doing drama shoot today!
不记得上次是什么时候了，今天马爷终于又带我拍戏了
Lauren's wedding Sunday was in a beautiful mountain setting in Colorado.  It was such a special weekend. We are so happy that she has found true love.
劳伦的婚礼周日在位于科罗拉多的美丽山区举行。它是那样一个特别的周末。我们为她找到真正的爱情而开心不已。（抱歉延时翻译，助理刚睡醒
Thanks for everybody's support, I need it! On my birthday I‘m really going to enjoy life,Thanks so much! PS. Yes, I'm 18 years old today.
谢谢大家的支持，我需要的！今天的生日我会好好享受生活啊 谢谢！PS.是的，今天我18岁咯
Twitter更新】-[20110729]the Teen Choice Awards! Im representing the girls out there,solo up against all the boys.Lets show them who's the best!
(接上条)去TCA网投票!我将在那代表女生们,来单独对抗所有男生.让他们看看谁才是最厉害的!
By discussion, each team members can contribute their own ideas that you might not have thought of.
一句三译1/2】通过讨论，每个团队成员可以贡献自己的想法，这些想法可能是你想不到的
100% Real Men eat 100% Pure beef burgers like this! How do you eat your burgers?
100%纯爷们儿是这样吃１００％纯牛肉汉堡！你怎么吃汉堡呢
Ran into this awesome gal today - she happen to have a drawing he did of me on her cell! So talented!
今天偶遇了这个姑娘--碰巧她的手机里有一副给我的画像，真的是太有才了
And they didn't allow him to do what most American teenagers are free to do -- drink, do drugs, party, hang out at friends all afternoon and do nothing.
她和林书豪的爸爸都不允许他做大多数美国青少年都可以自由去做的事情——喝酒，吸毒，开party，跟朋友们混一下午什么也不做。
people suffering from psychosis are likely to come up with more creative ideas. This happens because the brain activity that takes place when a person comes out of deep depression is similar to the process that happens when a person’s creativity is flaring.
天才皆疯子"，如今有研究表明精神疾病与聪明才智之间确有关联。一项针对70万名瑞典青少年的研究显示，人越聪明越容易得躁郁症。而且，患有精神病的人往往更有创意。这是因为人从严重抑郁中恢复时的大脑活动，与创意迸发时的过程极为类似
Just arrived at the NRJ Music Award show!! I can FEEL the LOVE!!😘
刚刚抵达法国NRJ电台音乐大奖节目现场！！我感受到了爱
Just met with out Japan Channel director. Talked about how best to support and manage out branded reseller and local integration business
刚和日本渠道部门总监开会，会议谈及关于如何更好地支持及管理品牌机分销商和整合当地业务。
When I fly I look for opportunities to take a great photo.  This week, while I was flying above Shanghai I took this most beautiful photo.  The Chief loves sailing above the clouds, staying closer to the Heavens!!
老大坐飞机的时候一定会找机会拍一点意想不到的照片。这周，当我在上海天空飞行滴时候，我拍下了这张无比美丽的照片！老大喜欢在云端之上翱翔，感觉与天堂多么贴近呀
Many governments have less room to support weak economies than they did in 2008.
许多政府无法像2008年那样，没有足够余地支持疲弱的经济
Nothing beats a fresh mani/pedi! Chinese ladies, what’s your favorite nail trend?
没有什么比美甲更棒的事情了！中国的女士们，你们最爱的美甲潮流是什么呢
Do you think people share too much online or are concerns overblown?A recent study conducted by Intel found that 90% of American adults think people share too much and nearly half of adults find the deluge of information to be overwhelming.What about in China?
你认为人们在网上分享的信息是否过多？或者这是“杞人忧天”？最近由英特尔公司委托的一项研究发现，90％的美国成年人认为人们分享的信息过量；将近一半的成年人发现，信息的泛滥是压倒性的。在中国情况怎样
Ricky Martin说：Lance Armstrong and Tour de France Sad story. I'll just focus on the amazing work he's done to find the cure for cancer.
Lance Armstrong和法国之旅。一个悲伤的故事。我还是关注他在寻找治愈癌症方法所做的贡献吧。（15小时前
celebrate! Em, Erin, Mae, jackie, it Looked like a blast, and you girls looked beautiful! Congratulations :) miss you!
好好庆祝一下吧!Emma,Erin,Mae,jackie,它看起来像一场爆破,女孩们你们看起来美极了!祝贺你们:)想你们!
We went to the cricket market and my sons bought crickets.  The girls saw them and Meredith bought one too but my other daughter did not want one.  So now we keep 3 crickets in our kitchen.  Sometimes they are very loud and you feel like you are outside very close to nature!!
我们去兜了蟋蟀市场，儿子们买了叫蝈蝈。女孩们看见后，Meredith也买了一个，但老大滴另外一个女儿却不想买一个。现在我们把它们3个放在厨房里。有时候它们叫得很响，让你感觉就像呆在室外一样非常贴近自然
Time for bed... tomorrows a new day  Night, night. xo
上床睡觉啦...明天又是新的一天，晚安。爱你们
The main groups of vertebrates are: fishes, amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals.
脊椎动物的主要种类是鱼类,两栖动物,爬行动物,鸟类和哺乳动物
Barbie dolls go on sale to mark one year anniv. of the royal wedding
威廉和凯特芭比娃娃面世 庆祝王子大婚一周年
Moore tells Fortune when asked when Moore‘s Law would become obsolete: “I've always said it will last two or three more generations, but the technologists have surprised me, so I guess they've still got some tricks up their sleeves.”  Yes we do! http://t.cn/zlpDR2T
戈登-摩尔先生最近接受《财富》采访，再一次被问到摩尔定律是否会过时。他的回答是：“我总是说摩尔定律将再延续两到三代，但技术专家总是出乎我的意料，所以我猜想，他们[像魔术师一样]袖子里总藏着一些高招。”这正是英特尔努力的方向。http://t.cn/zlpDR2TGordon
Innovation is not easy.  Consumers are very demanding and sometimes it takes time and persistence for success.  The three biggest killers of innovation are spending time on the wrong things, avoidance of risk (fear of failure), and focusing on the past rather than the future
创新是件不容易的事儿。消费者的要求很高而且有时这需要花费时间和不懈努力才能获取成功。创新的三个最大杀手就是：在错误的事情上花费时间，不敢冒险（害怕失败），只关注于过去而不放眼于未来
The Chief believes you have to give back more than you take.  Your time here is limited.  I believe you must give back 2X what you are given, preferably 10X.  The Chief has adopted two daughters but it's not enough.  One day I will build an orphanage.  Do what you can also!!!
老大觉得你的回报应该大于你的索取。时间是有限的。我觉得你的付出该是获取的2倍甚至是10倍。老大领养了2个女儿但是这还不够。有一天我将会建造一所孤儿院。尽所能做点什么吧
favorite on this list of career development tips from a 21-year Intel veteran: Find Your Passion. “Follow your heart and you will notice that you will give 100% naturally. Everything else will fall in line automatically.” Good advice. http://t.cn/zWbcb8R
一位在英特尔工作了21年的老员工，就职业发展分享了一些秘籍，我觉得很好——要找到你的工作激情，“追随你心，你将会发现，在工作中你自然会给予百分百的努力。而其它事情不必费心，它们将自动发生。”好建议！http://t.cn/zWbcb8RMy
The World Bank Thursday raised its forecast of China’s economic growth in 2011 to 9.3% from a previous forecast of 9.0%, Xinhua reported.
据新华社报道，世界银行28日调高对中国经济增速的预期，预测中国2011年实际GDP增速将为9.3%，其稍早曾预测中国今年经济增速为9%。
If one day when riding along a street, will you wait for such passers-by? In the Kingdom of cartoon, Belgium, a line of Smurfs are crossing the street.
如果有天你骑车经过街上，碰到这么一群人横穿马路，你会让路吗？漫画王国比利时的街头，一群蓝精灵正在过马路。
Release stress a bit, for I've seen my improvement. Keep it up!
稍微放心一些，看到自己進步了,要更努力
Now that's G... RT 50cent: "I created a new goal for my self, I want to feed a billion people in africa over the next 5 years.
流氓行徑，屌到無語...50美分说: "我为自己找到了新的人生目标，在未来5年里，我要让10亿非洲人吃上饭。
Thanks to lakland  basses and Ampeg amps for helping me sound massive for the past 15 years. tObIn
谢谢lakland贝斯和Ampeg扬声器帮助我在过去的15年让我的音乐听起来这么棒。
The best kind of friend is the one you could sit on a porch swing with,never say a word,and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.
最好的朋友，能陪你坐在门廊默默地荡秋千，彼此没有只字片语，分别时却让你感到，这是你拥有最棒的一次交流。
I could have stayed here all day...a hidden lagoon in Palawan , Philippines :)
我在这里能呆上一整天...在菲律宾巴拉望一个隐蔽的环礁湖里
TA】Life only comes around once. So make sure you're spending it the right way, with the right ones.
生命只有一次，我们要以正确的方式，和正确的人一起度过。。
On the 23rd I'll be there at 2 o'clock on time, who's coming?
23号的时候我两点准时会到， 谁来玩呢
Live shows are always exciting because it's live, so you never know what's going to happen!
现场演出总是很激动人心，因为它是直播的，你永远不知道会发生什么状况
We do on stage things that are supposed to happen off. Which is a kind of integrity, if you look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else. -- Tom Stoppard (1937 -)
台上演的本是台下才会发生的事。这也算一种成全，假如你把每次退场都视为在别处的又一次登台。-- 汤姆撕拖把
Just saw the play "Plaza Suite", its good! If you guy's get a chance, there is two days left to go watch it, at the Beijing Renmin Yishu Theatre.
刚看完话剧“大酒店套房”，非常的不错! 感谢王导演请我和小菁看。大家这个话剧还有两天可以看，快去北京人民艺术剧院看吧
Big day for Pretty Little Liars!!! We have the most AMAZING fans! Love you guys xo
美少女的谎言》的大日子！！！我们有最棒的粉丝们！爱你们 xo
When I was in my teens, I read a quotation from Thomas Carlyle:"Blessed is he who has found his work.Let him ask no other blessedness."
我少年时代独到了托马斯.卡莱尔的一句话：“一个人找到了适合自己的工作就有福，别让他再要求别的幸福了
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. ~Abraham Lincoln
对于大多数人来说，他们认定让自己有多幸福，就有多幸福。~亚伯拉罕·林肯
When our world is all but invisible, and growing visible bit by bit looks utterly different from its accustomed self
最初，这个世界几乎是白茫茫的一片，然后，慢慢地一点一点地清晰起来，这和我们平常所见完全不同
It was here that the only violent incident of the day erupted.
就是在这里发生了这天唯一的暴力行为。
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt.
宁愿保持沉默让人看起来像个傻子，也不要一开口就证明自己确实如此
Jeez, 50 people texted me that InstaGram cut off Katie Jordin ‘s name. They all know her twitter name? realjeffreyross talked w/her
天哪，有50个人给我发短消息告诉我InstaGram上删掉了Katie Jordin的名字。他们都知道她的推特名字吗？realjeffreyross和她聊过了
You gave everything on stage tonight Karina Iglesias! Happy to have you on teamshakira!
Karina Iglesias你今晚在台上的表演真是无可挑剔！很开心你可以在夏奇拉之队
According to the statistic: the average American child spends 70 % more time watching TV than attending school! 25% of Americans 13 year olds have tried marijuana!
根据统计资料：美国孩子平均花70%的时间在看电视上，而不是去上学！！25% 十三岁的美国孩子已经试过大麻
Mindy Gilbert I believe in having choices. religion, presidential elections, marriage. Take away our choices? Take away our freedom
对Mindy Gilbert说，我认为人应该有自由选择的权利，例如宗教、总统选举、婚姻。剥夺我们的选择就等于剥夺我们的自由
covered in paint. it's approximately 1:30 am, and i can't fall asleep because i feel like this still needs work.
覆满颜料。现在大约是凌晨一点半，我还不能入睡，因为我感觉这仍然需要完成。
When it comes to financial health, you can't leave anything to chance. Research!
当某事涉及到健康财政时，你必须把握主动。做些研究吧
I remember how your monther loved to read.She seemed like a character straight from one of his books.
我记得你妈妈以前很喜欢读书。她跟他的小说中的某个人物简直一模一样
Looks delicious. I have not seen before. Where is it sold?
好想吃哦。以前我还没有看过的。哪儿有卖的
A shadow momentarily dimmed the blue eyes, but he smiled, pitying her.
蓝眼睛里一瞬间出现了一片阴云,但他马上就笑了,他很怜悯她
Some believe the US is losing its educational edge. At Intel we understand how to adapt to current needs. This is why, for example, we strongly support science, technology and math programs for students. We think they are crucial to success, regardless of the country.
有人认为美国正在失去教育竞争力。在英特尔，我们理解如何去适应当前的需求。这就是为什么我们要大力支持诸如科学、技术、数学等教育计划。我们认为不论哪个国家，这些对于学生的成功都至关重要
The Ministry of Railways (MOR) announced that China is set to open the world's longest high-speed railway, linking the cities of Beijing and Guangzhou, on Dec. 26.
转发微博从中国铁道部获悉，世界上运营里程最长的高速铁路北京至广州高铁将于2012年12月26日正式开通运营。
A very merry Xmas to all. I hope you're having an excellent holiday! ; )'
祝大家圣诞快乐。祝愿你们度过一个超赞的节日！; )
I have neither a fear, nor a presentiment, nor a hope of death.
我对死设有恐惧,也没有预感,也没有巴望着死
The Chief is in thousand islands now, off the coast of Indonesia.   So good. Lots of sun and swimming with all 4 of my kids.   I will send you a photo later of me swimming from island to island with my sons.  Ha ha!!!!!
老大在千岛群岛，印度尼西亚的外海区域。真赞！阳光充沛，和4个孩子游泳。等会我会发给大家我和儿子们在岛屿间游泳的照片。哈哈
Unbelievable crowd in Cologne tonight! 1 of those special kind of vibe gigs. Love it. U never know when/where that will happen. iiii]; )'
今晚Cologne粉丝们的表现太令人难以置信了！是有着特别氛围的巡演站之一。大爱。你永远不知道什么时候/什么地点会发生。iiii]; )
show love to big bro Mark Wahlberg and his new movie Broken City this weekend. go see it! And yeah we got our movie coming soon.
本周末要去支持下我的好兄弟Mark Wahlberg和他的新电影《破碎之城》。大家要去看哦！同时我们的电影也快出来了
Such removal causes a readily measurable drop in the intensity of light.
这种消失使光的强度发生一种很容易测出的跌落。
Raw choco banana ice cream: put ripe peeled bananas in the freezer. Next steps to come this weekend
生甜品1# 巧克力香蕉冰淇淋：抱熟香蕉，放在冷冻.....周末告诉大家下一步
I wish I could say that we didn't leave the house looking like this... but we did.
我希望我可以说我们离开家的时候不是穿成这个样子的...但我们的确这样穿了
I'm not only late to the party on this one, I'm late to the post-party brunch, but Attack The Block was a helluva lotta fun.
这回我不仅没赶上派对，连派对后的早午餐都晚到了，不过《街区大作战》实在是太好玩了。
All these were the sons of David, besides his sons by his concubines. And Tamar was their sister.
这都是大卫的儿子,还有他们的妹子他玛,妃嫔的儿子不在其内
it's not so easy to teach these kids to turn around the boxes,but parents are smart-Daddy goes first,then just let the kids follow there daddy.
第二组比赛的小插曲，教会这两个小孩子拐弯不太容易，但是家长们更聪明！让爸爸先绕着走，再让孩子们追爸爸[给力]。
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
只有真正的朋友才会在你脸脏的时候告诉你
I do sing. At this point, just for fun... Piano and singing are two of my favorite hobbies.
我有唱歌。但目前只是好玩而已... 钢琴演奏和唱歌是我最喜爱的兴趣中的两个。
A little later, a man came along with a biscuit which occupied the whole boot of his car.
相隔不一会儿，一个男子也带来一个大饼干，那个饼干把汽车的行李箱挤得满满的
There are all kinds of fathers in this world, but you’re the best kind…MINE.
世界上的父亲多种多样，但是你是最好的那种---我的
I went to a restaurant tonight that had a wall of wine and had a tall ladder I get to the top.   One of my sons old me to climb the ladder and took this photo.  Funny!!!
今晚我去了家餐厅，那有一整堵墙的酒，还有个梯子可以让我爬到顶上。儿子让我爬上去拍张照片！真有趣呀
Tips# For the plateau: No over-excitement and over-hot bathing to avoid quick metabolism and anoxia; eat more high glucose food to gain calorie promptly.
高原旅游请注意：避免剧烈活动、情绪兴奋和洗过烫的热水澡，以免加快新陈代谢和缺氧。多吃高糖类食物以快速提供热量
Ricky Martin说：Dear friend,If you call more than once and they don't pick up the phone, the message is clear. #they don't want to talk to U#. #dignity#
亲爱的朋友，如果你打了不止一次电话给他人而都没有人接，那么信息已经很明确了。#他们不想和你说话#。#尊严#（15小时前
It is with passion, courage of conviction and strong sense of self that we take our next step into the world.
要有敢于按自己的信念以及坚强的自我意识，才能令我们面向世界。--《律政俏佳人
When The Chief is 100% healthy, he can lift as much weight as anyone.  Today I was feeling especially strong.  I leg pressed 270 kilos 6 times.  I felt awesome!!!
老大百分百健康的时候，他举重水平可以和任何人比。今天我感觉尤为强壮有力，于是做了6次270公斤的腿部压力练习。我感觉棒级啦
An even harder situation is to be on the platform in good time for a train and still to see it go off without you.
更难堪的情况是虽然及时赶到站台上，却眼睁睁地看着那趟火车启动，把你抛下。
SOETC#02: Read Chapter Two. http://t.cn/zWEcJrB There are three ET methods. You might already be good at one but what about the other two?
第二课：读第二章http://t.cn/zWEcCLm英文思维方式的三个方法。你可能已经在用其中一个了，但是另外两个呢
It's 15:00 and started a meeting on intelligent connect devices.   We think that there will be 15 billion connected devices by 2014 and There are 65 billion devices waiting to be connected.  The industry opinion is getting it done is a IT issue not hardware.
现在是下午3：00，我正在参加一个关于智能连接终端的会议。估计到2014年，有150亿终端会实现互相连接，同时，还有650亿有连接需求的终端。业界的建议是把它作为一个技术问题而非软件问题来对待
Although I had worked alongside dansmithism years ago, this tattoo, I believe, was the vessel that brought
虽然多年前我和dansmithism共事过，但是我相信，正是这个纹身让我们惺惺相惜
i just finished eating Phad Thai. Very delicious! Do others also love to eat this Thai dish?
我刚吃完了泰国炒面（Phad Thai），太好吃！其他人也爱吃这个泰国菜吗
First never expect they will be faithful. Men only use their body to think, not mind.
首先永远不要期望男人对你忠贞。男人用身体思考，而不是头脑。
I want blueberry pancakes with tons of butter and maple syrup. And I want them NOW.
我想吃蓝莓煎饼加上超多的黄油以及枫糖浆。我现在就想要。
BBC头条】The United States is cancelling funding for the UN cultural body Unesco after it voted to grant full membership to the Palestinians.
联合国教科文组织（UNESCO）跟美国唱反调，投票授予巴勒斯坦正式会员国身份，美国无耻宣布将取消对其资金支持。报道全文
I asked my 4 kids "Who is the best Daddy in the world". My two daughters said "You are Daddy".  My son William said that he thinks so but he is not sure as he has not met all the Dads in the world.   And Robert said for sure he does not know but I must be one of the best.  Ha ha!
我问我的4个孩子“谁是世界上最好的爸爸？”。我的2个女儿说“你是最好的爸爸。”我滴儿子William说他认为如此，但是不确定，因为他并没有遇见过世界上所有的爸爸。Robert说他肯定不知道，但是我一定是最好的之一。哈哈
Ricky Martin说： If you don't like where you are, then change it! You're not a tree RT
如果你不喜欢自己所处的地方，就挪动一下吧！你又不是一棵树。转自5tevenw（11小时前
Annoying rain, original plan to shoot Action English, NP i'll do other work. Reminded me of a song which is like todays weather? Who is it?
讨厌你雨，原来要拍动感英语，那我就做其他幕后工作。想起来一个歌曲跟今天的天气有关，也是“麦”家族，你们知道是谁
This morning after doing Pilates I'am completely exhausted! Also still have jet lag so at home resting, need someone to come take care of me, you coming?
早上做完普拉提就累死了！时差还没倒过来所以在家休息，需要朋友过来照顾我一下，你来吗?
An assortment collection of books is of my interest and dream.
拥有五花八门的藏书是我的梦想和兴趣所在。
The life overseas is healthy, even in the coffee house's have "Gluten Free" muffins, my dream came true! Gluten free fans where are you?
国外的生活好健康，连在咖啡厅都有“无麸质”麦芬，我的梦想成真了！无麸质的粉丝们在哪里呢
Dalian is very nice.  It has very wide streets, is right on the Ocean and the people seem very nice.  The buildings in the town center are also well placed and nice to look at.  And some if the streets are lined by alot of trees!!!    I took this photo from a taxi.  Cool!
大连非常美丽，马路很宽敞，而且它正好位于大海边上，人们看上去很友好。市中心的大楼布局合理，看上去很美丽。一些马路的两边树木成行！我在出租车里拍了这张照片，酷
There is a bill before Congress that would offer a U.S. residence visa to any foreigner who makes a cash investment of at least $500,000 in U.S. residential real estate. What a great idea for giving Chinese a way to take advantage of the depressed housing market in the USA.
国会面临一个议案，该议案提出为所有在美国境内民用房地产上投资50万美元以上现金的外国人，提供美国居民签证。这为中国人提供了一条利用美国低迷房市的有效途径，多给力的想法。http://t.cn/SvRSSd （假如议案通过，你会考虑移民吗
Your achievements have been noticed by important people. You've earned this acclaim.
你的成就已经引起了某些重要人士的注意，并获得了称赞。
The breathtaking pace of transformation in China now extends to faces, as cosmetic and plastic surgery becomes more widespread, according to the New York Times.
据《纽约时报》报道，在中国以惊人速度转型的同时，如今”中国面孔”也开始发生飞速改变：医疗整形美容手术大行其道。
This looks like a fun Dragon Boat Festival game. People play all over China or just in some regions? Who else has tried this?
这看起来像一个有趣的端午节比赛。中国各地的玩或仅在一些地区？还有谁试过这个吗
Be the reason she smile ， not the reason she can't love again
成为她微笑的原因，而不是不再去爱的原因
If you haven't already watch our most recent music video Temples - Happy Easter Monday! http://t.cn/zYnOq8d
如果你还没有看我们最新的音乐录影带《Temples》- 祝大家周一复活节快乐
Oh...Canada (sigh) ...The boys from Winnepeg work hard backstage at The Paramount in Huntington, NY. Where are u?
哦...加拿大（唉）...来自温尼伯的男孩们在纽约亨廷顿的The Paramount演出后台辛勤工作。你们在哪里
This article introduced tips for adapting portal applications for KIOSK usage.
本文介绍了为KIOSK配置门户应用程序的一些技巧。
I suppose they force you to stay in one place for a consecutive number of days giving you an opportunity to read! That makes you kinda wiser
我想是他们强迫让你在一个地方连续呆上几天给了你一个机会去读书！那会让你变得聪明些
Sorry again for being late, here's a selfie for my tardiness. Love you guys selenators
很抱歉迟了，这张自拍照送给大家表示我的歉意。爱你们
Your role within this group is not yet defined. This gives you freedom today.
你在团队中的定位尚未明确。今天，这会给你带来一丝自由
The cantina was still, and lacquered from floor to ceiling with blood. But I was alive. And Reitman was nowhere to be seen.
酒吧寂静无声，从地板到天花板溅满了鲜血。但是我还活着。而雷特曼则不见踪影。
The only people you need in your life are the ones who need you in theirs.
需要你的人，才是你需要的人。❉爱是一种相互的需要
The application will always overwrite files in this directory without prompting the user.
应用程序将总是改写此目录中的文件而不会提示用户。
69 today. Played ok but not quite firing on all cylinders . Putting lovely on the plus side. Still 36 to go and not out of it yet .
我现在是低于目标3杆，打出了69杆的成绩。打得不错但不是我最好的状态，不过轻击球打的还不错。还有36洞，还有赢的机会
I'd like to fly on May 10th on the same flight.
我要改到五月十号的同一班次。
friends have been there for you every step of the way -- now it's your turn.
你的朋友已经为你铺好了路，现在就看你的了。
Also I got to meet Charles Haley today .....he might be my favorite person I've met in a long time! He's hilarious!
而且我今天还见到了Charles Haley...他可能是我在这么长时间以来所见过的最可爱的人！他超搞笑的
I'm so blessed to have few jobs during my vacation, thanks to all productions. May everyday a good day to everyone.
于是假期似乎也若有似无的过，一样天黑天亮的每一天，穿插着一些小工作，感恩各制作公司的提拔
One of my friends is a famous package designer for American industry.She was just given a promotion for which she competed with six well-qualified designers.
我的一个朋友是美国著名的工业包装设计师，她与刘伟高水平的设计师竞争，胜出之后刚刚获得升迁
Few bosses – even founders – have defined their companies with quite the intensity that Mr Jobs brought to the task, nor enjoyed the same success.
乔布斯对企业的全神贯注，以及他所取得的成功，几乎没有一个老板（甚至创始人）比得上。
For the rest of our lives I would embrace you softly and tell you "good night" before falling asleep in bed.
暖心之约】#我愿意为你做的101件事# 第7件：我愿意轻轻抱住你，为你说一辈子的晚安。
A gift from chairman Feng on our China tour. A Shaolin sword. Nice eh?
Feng主席送给我一把来自少林的宝剑作为我中国之行的礼物，不错吧
Wine producers in Italy are using an ancient grape to produce a new vintage.
意大利的葡萄酒生产者正在使用一种老品种的葡萄酿造葡萄酒
I'm so pleased to have Brandon on Team Shakira. A great singer and a great guy. Blind Auditions Shak
很开心能让Brandon加入我的队伍。非常厉害的歌手，人也很棒。盲选中 Shak
All the Chinese people should respect Michael Jackson, because when an American reporter interviews MJ: "you have never been to China, not in China will open concert, regret?" MJ said: "I've been to, in Taiwan.
"所有中国人都应尊敬迈克尔.杰克逊，因为当一美国记者采访MJ时：“你从未去过中国，没在中国开过演唱会，会不会遗憾？”MJ说：“我去过，在台湾
s real, just feel like having a glass of drink to bring me into the role, ya, I'm in the mood.
心情不差，就只是贪杯，拍摄中，点了杯真的让自己入戏。The whisky'
Was nice to see them still playing in Singapore today. Despite the daily thunderstorms!
尽管新加坡每天都是雷雨天气，但是非常开心看到高尔夫球员们今天仍在比赛.
Lightning McQueen might be faster than fast, but winning isn’t everything.
闪电麦坤也许比“快”更快，但赢得比赛并非生活全部。
Some people choose to go backwards, some choose to move on. Level yourself, then you will realize each decision you've made, made you.
倒退走很容易，因为往前行太辛苦。但是到头来，所有现在做的决定，决定着未来的一切
For decades, China has been supplying most of the world's demand for rare earth minerals. China now produces more than 90 percent of the world’s rare earth supplies, but the country only has 36 percent of the world’s natural deposits. Video
中国稀土资源占全球总量36.4%，但稀土产量却占全球总产量的至少90%。有分析称，并不是中国限制出口问题。去年企业大量稀土出口配额都没用完，而是稀土价格在高位，海外需求减少
President Barack Obama's approval rating has hit its highest point in two years — 60 percent — and more than half of Americans now say he deserves to be re-elected.
本拉登被击毙后，奥巴马的支持率达到两年来的新高（60%）。超过半数的美国人认为奥巴马应该连任总统
The Chief is shattered today.  I have a stomach bug.   I ate some seafood a few days ago that made my stomach really sick and it got worse today.  I was very weak when I woke up.  I just had some Coke with ginger and I feel a bit better.   The Chief needs to get better today!!!
老大今天病了，胃不舒服。几天前吃了点海鲜后就觉得胃难受，今天更加糟糕了。早上醒的时候觉得非常难受虚弱。我喝了点放入生姜的可乐，感觉好点了。老大今天要好起来
Not sure I like this villa or not! The modern French windows and interiors are nice,  but exterior seems a bit strange to me. You like?
不确定我喜不喜欢这别墅！现代落地窗和室内都不错，但外观看起来有点奇怪。你喜欢吗
I was at my ranch in America and my friend brought his awesome dog over, named Tate.   The dog is really obedient and can sit and also shake. So my son William shook his paw.  Ha ha.  What a great photo!!!!
我在美国的牧场，朋友带来了他很棒的狗，叫Tate。它很听话，会坐下来还会握手。所以儿子William就握握它的"手"啦。哈哈。多么赞的照片
King of kings and Lord of lords, Jesus You alone are worthy of worship and honor!
萬王之王，萬主之主，耶穌 唯有祢配的敬拜與尊崇
One killed, 10 injured in suspected church suicide bombing in Indonesian Java
印尼一教堂发生自杀式爆炸 造成1人死亡10人受伤
More firecrackers will be on in Shanghai this midnight,as welcoming the god of Fortune. English Shanghai.
上海今夜零點迎財神，鞭炮聲會不絕於耳。隨州好像正月初四晚上不放炮。
My announcement: @GraceFZhao is now my Public relations manager in China.
我宣布：@GraceFZhao 现成为我的中方公关经理。
Reitman starts saying "THAT's a car." and I say it back. And for like 10 minutes that's all we say to each other, pointing at it.
雷特曼开始或“那是一辆车。”然后我也开始说这句话。接下来10分钟，我们就一直在反复跟对方说这句话，边说还边指着车。
Hey! Scroobius Pip: I know ur busy w touring/empire-building, but when u get a sec u should go ahead n invent that teleportation-device. Thx
嗨！Scroobius Pip：我知道你现在正忙着巡演/建立你的音乐王国，但是有空的时候你应该发明一个瞬间移动设备。谢谢
"If she wins, she could pay off the U.S. national debt and still have $885 trillion left.
" 如果她打赢官司，她可以付清（15万亿）美国国债，并且还有885万亿美元结余。
Suicide car bomb attack kills 31, injures 60 in Iraqi capital
伊拉克巴格达发生炸弹袭击至少31人死亡 ,60人受伤
Happy Farher's Day to all Fathers from The Chief. Being a Father is one of the hardest jobs in the world, but also the most rewarding. I have said it before.  You only need to give your children 3 things:  Love, Education and Confidence.  So enjoy today, but get busy tomorrow!!!
:老大祝所有的爸爸父亲节快乐！身兼父亲一职可所谓是世界上最艰难的工作之一，但也是最具成就感的！我之前曾提到过，你只需要给你的孩子三样东西：爱，教育和信心！所以好好享受今天，但是明天就得忙起来啦
Being an artist is not the problem here. I think the point has been missed.
问题并不在于做为在这儿一个艺人。我想这个不是主题。
My son William and I hung out at the Skateboard park today.  The weather is so awesome.   He is getting better and it's so much fun to see him enjoy the park and skateboard.
儿子William和我今天在滑板公园溜达了下。天气太棒啦！他滑板滑得更加好啦，而且看他在公园玩，看他滑滑板也很有乐趣呢
The authorities notified me of their deaths,but I have no further information.
政府告诉我他们死了，但我不知道他们怎么死了。
Baths were taken in the warehouse once a week by carrying hot water to the tub.
货栈成了洗澡的地方,每周一次,热水是打到澡盆里的
In so many ways, Jeremy represents the whole point of my book, which is about trying to combine the best of East and West.
在很多方面，林书豪代表了我的书的整个观点，这就是尽力把中西方的教育精华结合到一起。
PQOTD: **this one is dedicated to a few of my closest friends that I don't get the pleasure of seeing too often.
今天的名言图图:**这一个是献给我一些最麻吉的朋友的.我没有感到很高兴和他们见面太过频繁了.
I like this photo of The Chief in the gym.  There are a lot of weights behind me and i like the way the photo came out.  I like to go to the gym a lot to stay healthy and get rid of stress!!!!
我喜欢这张老大在健身房的照片。我身后有很多举重器材，喜欢这样的拍摄效果。我喜欢经常健身保持健康并且可以摆脱压力
To Maria Brostedt: that day I will gladly gift you that tattoo.
对Maria Brostedt说：我很高兴那天给你画了纹身
We had an amazing time tonight Brussels. Everything we gave, you gave back harder. What a way to kick off this leg. We'll be back, promise!
今晚我们在布鲁塞尔的演唱会太棒了，所有我们的付出的都得到了你们更多的回报。这站为巡演开了个好头，我们保证会回来的
Not really feel anything 'special', but thanks to this production for arranging a nice and clean room for me to rest during these two shooting days.
没感受到什么灵气，但感恩剧组安排了干净舒服的房间让我在这两天的拍摄期也能好好休息。
Despite economic slowdown and rising costs, many foreign companies continue to invest in China. At Intel, we are very confident in China, and are committed to continuing the great partnership that we have.
尽管经济增长放缓和成本上升，许多外国企业依然坚持在中国投资。英特尔对于中国非常有信心，并以坚定承诺继续发展我们在本地强大的合作伙伴关系。
Everytime comes another earthquake, I could feel the pain, cos with so deep memory of 2008. Then I review the sentence: comparing with such disasters, just a shake from the earth, tens of thousands of people lost their lifes, what toughness we face in daily life, it's nothing.
每每听到又有地震消息，总能感到心口的隐隐作痛，因为08年的记忆太深了。然后总会想起一句话：与这些大灾难的发生相比，只要地球轻轻颤抖一下， 几万、几十万人的生命就没了，我们平时所面对的困难，又能够算得了什么呢
I attended a meeting at the Bush School of Government and Public Service where they have installed a charging station for my electric car.My car is averaging 99 miles per gallon (42 kilometers per liter).With gasoline prices soaring it's nice not to have to buy a lot of gasoline!
我参加了在布什政府和公共服务学院举行的一场会议，在那里他们安装了充电站可以用来为我的电动车充电。我的车大概平均99迈每加仑（42公里／升）。油价飙升，不用烧太多汽油很爽
The collective leadership will include Kim Jong-un, his uncle and the military, the source said.
线报称，朝鲜的集体领导层将包括金正恩，金正日妹夫张成泽和军队。
In a typical display, colored streamers seem to race across the sky.
典型的一种现象是:彩色的光流划过天际。
Sometimes you have to go with your gut and trust your animal instincts as a creator.
有时候你需要大胆一点，并相信你作为创造者的本能
The Chief was in too many meetings today.  At one point the guy next to me put his sunglasses down, so I picked them up and he shot this photo.  Hilarious!!!
老大今天开了很多会啊。讲到一点的时候，我旁边的老兄把他的太阳眼镜摘下来了，我就拿起来戴上啦，他就正好抓拍了这张照片！真有意思呀
I'm sorry I haven't updated in a month. I 've been very busy lately!! But I have lots of updates today!:)
对不起我有一个月没有更新微博了。我最近特别忙！！但是今天我会有很多更新！:)
He said that without continued fast economic development and social order, the gains of the past twenty years will be lost.
他表示，没有持续快速发展的经济和社会秩序，中国共产党过去20年获得的成果将付诸东流
Lydia would have gone to his room and found the place in disarray.
季利娅会到他的房间去,发现那里乱七八糟。
@bailan83:OMG I can run in US fo 45 mins without stopping. Here I run 20 mins and i have to walk a little bit.
在美国跑45分钟是没问题的，在广州跑20分钟就要慢下来走一下。//@bailan83:
If, by imagination can draw your outline Put me in the corner alone to taste the weak How lonely or beginning to understand Miss is losing color early
如果靠想象可以描绘你的轮廓放我在角落独自品尝自己的软弱孤单怎么取舍开始懂了怀念早失去了颜色 ——魏晨《过客
Seeing the Doc for the 1st time in 3 years; he says I'll live. iiii]
三年里第一次看医生：他说我能活下去。iiii]; )'
Well, good morning! Off to do morning show press! Wish me luck!
早上好！准备去做早晨节目的通告！祝我好运吧
No summit requiring unanimity from 191 nations can be more than modest. if we fulfilled our undertakings at this summit, our modesty would surprise.
任何要求191个国家意见一致的峰会都不可能超越微不足道的范畴。如果我们在本次峰会上兑现我们的承诺，那么我们的微不足道将会震惊世人
Ten years from now we will be more disappointed by the things that we did not do than by the ones we did do.
十年之后，相比那些我们做过的事，那些我们没有做过的事才更让我们倍觉失望
M say he's sick and has no appetite, so he finished this super big plate of egg+garlic+onion+Taiwan sausage fried rice as dinner I made for him.
我想试试看马爷说的话是不是真的，据说他感冒没胃口，所以把蒜+洋葱+台湾香肠+蛋的炒饭都吃光了。
NASA research leads to first complete map of Antarctic ice flow
美国航空航天局研究并绘制出第一张完整的南极洲冰流图
For more detailed information on induced polarization, review papers by Madden.
关于诱发极化法的更详细的资料,可参阅马登的述评文章
Ricky Martin说："#life# is really worth it when you have the courage to face it!"
#人生#只有在你有勇气面对它的时候才会显示出真正的价值！”（4小时前
A pressent from online, thats my coffee warmer. It won't maintain boiling level but at least it won't let your coffee get cold, excellant! [江南style]
网上送给我一个礼物了，那就是保暖咖啡机器。它不会保持很高温的但是最起码可以不会让你的咖啡凉了，棒极了
If come tonight I will give you a signed copy of my latest book. :-) I only have a few copies with me but I will for sure take pictures with you and any fans who come.
如果你今晚能来，我会送你一本我签名的新书。我带的书数量有限，但一定会合你拍照留念。来看我的粉丝，我
THE HOMIE xzibit DROPPED HIS NEW VIDEO NAPALM http://t.cn/zWszRbI WHAT DO YOU THINK? HIPHOP
好友Xzibit推出了他最新单曲Napalm的MV，快去http://t.cn/zWszRbI看看吧。你觉得怎么样呢？嘻哈音乐
Silly me , forgot the wrong time to play ball its 5-7 not 4-6. At a coffee house starting to read,"Can forgive, but need to change
傻了我，记错打球时间，是5-7点不是4-6点。在旁边的咖啡厅开始看“可以原谅，但要改正
I met a family today who are on a wait list for a heart transplant for their daughter who is also recovering from Cancer. And they were smiling. Get it.
今天我见到了一家人，他们在癌症康复阶段的女儿现在也在心脏移植手术的等待名单上。他们一直微笑着。这种积极面对的力量鼓舞到了我
Just woke up.. Last thing I remember I was relaxing at the @atldentalspa , now I have 4 less teeth, a giant ice pack wrapped around my head.
我刚刚睡醒。。我记得的最后一件事是我很放松的呆在牙医店，现在我少了四颗牙，大大的冰袋缠在我头上
What ILLANGELO Doc Elijah Blake are making is going to be something special for the world..
ILLANGELO,Doc和Elijah Blake正在做的事将给世界带来特别的东西。
A group of leading banks constituted a milliard-dollar pool to maintain and stabilize the market.
一些重要的银行筹出了十亿美元的资金,以求维持和稳定市场。
Chef Kyle doing what he does best...with Sous Chef Matt. So excited for dinner!
主厨Kyle和副厨Matt在做他们最擅长的事。非常期待他们做的晚餐
It was the earnest and dogmatic way in which she presented her political convictions that put everyone's back up.
她在表明自己的政治观点时,由于过分严肃和死板,反而引起人们的反感
Hey guys. Make a bid at my dear friend Jake's upcoming auction! Do it! http://t.cn/zl1ZmSH
嗨，朋友们。快去参与我的好友Jake即将到来的竞拍活动吧！行动起来吧
More than two-thirds of economists surveyed said Bernanke likely won’t be back to Federal Reserve for a third term. His current term ends on Jan.31,2014.
超过三分之二的经济学者认为伯南克不会选择第三次继任美联储主席。他的现任截止日是2014年1月31日。
Positive or negative, it was a self-fulfilling prophecy. If people feel hopeless they don't bother to acquire the skills they need to succeed.
无论是积极的还是消极的看法，这都是一种会成为事实的预言。如果人们感到没有希望，那么他们就不会费劲去获得成功所需要的技能
What do you think of the episode so far?!.... One word to describe it... Go!!!
目前为止你们觉得这一集怎么样?!...用一个词来形容它 ....告诉我!!!
There's somebody out there for everybody. You just have to wait for God to bring them into your life.
每个人都注定要遇到那个特别的人。你要做的就是等待老天将他带到你的身边
To James Arthur I dunno the label is in charge of the VEVO channel
对James Arthur说，我不知道是这家唱片公司负责VEVO频道
flip flop 临时变卦】Frank is such a flip-flopper！He saidhe wanted to go out to dinner with me, but now he said he has plans with another girl!
Frank总是临时变卦。他原本说他想和我一起去吃晚饭，但他说他现在想和别的女孩一起去了！真可恶
I'm the first person to come to breakfast this morning.  What a beautiful presentation of untouched food.  I feel very fortunate. Have a great day.
今天早晨我是第一个来用餐的。没人碰过的食物摆得多好看。我感到非常幸运。祝您度过美好的一天。
If objectives are to be meaningful to people, they must be clear, attainable, actionable, and verifiable.
如果目标对人们是具有意义的,则目标必须是清晰的,能达到的,可以行动的,以及可供检验的
The prince when is your birthday? We should give Leo fans up a name????
王子什么时候过生日啊？我们应该给Leo的粉丝起个名啊
Compton kid DeMar DeRozan killin it in his return to LA
康普顿DeMar DeRozan回归LA的表现棒极了
The MPG holds shares in some of them bringing an additional value created through TT and licensing.
MPG在它们当中的一些公司里占有股份,因此,通过技术转让和许可,也创造了一些附加的价值
Technology will transform teaching & learning in the next decade. Sharing some ideas that could make a difference
技术将在下一个十年改变教和学的形态。分享一些与众不同的想法。教育
Though proving Malthus right may be a useless exercise, his general worldview fits well with Bracken’s conception of a loss of room in Eurasia.
尽管要证明马尔萨斯的正确也许徒劳无功，但是他的总体世界观与布拉肯的在欧亚失去地盘理念不谋而合。见中国同传口译网
They were not the casual offers that the prostitutes of Marseille received as their daily currency.
这一切,与马赛街头那些马路天使们随时都会遇到的肆意挑逗,是截然不同的
check it out http://t.cn/zYZPSkt fun interview i did - up on
点击这个网址看看我参与的一个有趣采访
Finally arrived in Manilla! That's quite a jaunt. Can't wait to play already! iiii]; p
终于到马尼拉了！这真是一次很远的旅程啊。等不及要去表演啦！iiii]; p
ceilidhmorrison yes! There is a good chance if you come to Sephora on Thursday!
嘿ceilidhmorrison！如果你周四来Sephora的话有个好机会等着你哟
Since this is the end of the year in which Steve Jobs died, I will give you the top 11 learnings from him over the next 11 days.  One per day.  I will start today with my next Weibo.
现在已经是年末了，Steve Jobs在今年去世了。我将在未来的11天内，列举出从他那学习到的的排列前11位的经验知识。一天一个，从今天我的下一个微博开始
US mobile market is rapidly growing, many US-based mobile entrepreneurs have decided to head abroad. Why? Big demand and bigger challenges to tackle=bigger opportunities. http://t.cn/zjZfRSe
虽然美国手机市场正高速增长，但许多美国移动互联企业家却计划迈向海外市场。为什么？这是因为那里有更大的需求和更大的挑战，这也意味着更大的机遇。http://t.cn/zjZfRSeAlthough
I've only ever really been in love once. He didn’t want me to do this job. He wanted me stay at home, so I left. It broke my heart, but also made me realise music is my first love.
我曾经真爱过一次，他不让我从艺，希望在家相夫教子，所以我离开他。心碎了，但让我知道音乐是我的最爱。
To PGAUnitedRental I wish I could but I'm just going to watch it on the tv
对PGAUnitedRental说，我希望我可以，但是我将只是在电视上观看
you say something happens [once a blue moon], you mean it happens very rarely.
形容难得发生/极为罕见的事情[注:Blue moon一个月中的第二次满月]
Irish swimmer Michelle Smith won four medals in Atlanta in 1996 - but was later found to have contaminated drug tests in an attempt to hide drug use.
愛爾蘭遊泳名將米希爾史密斯1996年亞特蘭大奧運會得4塊獎牌，最後藥品檢查爲陽性，她還試圖隱瞞用藥。我們的應該不會这樣
Young friends asked me for career advice. I’d like to share one of Andy’s thoughts “Your career is literally your business. You own it as a sole proprietor. You have one employee: yourself. You need to accept ownership of your career, your skills and the timing of your moves
青年朋友问我职业发展的建议。我想和大家分享安迪-格鲁夫的话：“你的职业生涯完全是你自己的事，只由你一人负责。你的唯一雇员，就是你自己。你需要把握自己的前途、自己的技术、自己的行动安排。” 此言以共勉
The iPhone 5 is definitely open for ordering in America first week of October. A retailer has confirmed. It should be available in China by November and also offered by China mobile at same time.  They also have a very big mobile operating system update in October.  Awesome!!
5 确定在美国公开预订的时间是十月份的第一周。零售商已经确认啦！在中国，应该是十一月发售，中国移动同样时间也会发售。它的操作系统在十月份将会有个很大更新！太棒啦
The real heroes of the world are the men who take the time to make a difference in the life of a child. Thanks for Being my hero, Dad!
世界上真正的英雄就是那些让孩子的生活有所不同的男人们。 谢谢你爸爸，你是我心中的英雄
Stay at home boy new invention! Pizza with honey! Just ate half a youzi, 2 harbin sausages, and a pepperoni pizza. I might be pregnant? NIght!
摘男发明的！pizza和蜂蜜一起！刚吃了半个柚子，两个香肠和一个pizza. 是不是怀孕了？晚安
Stressed out by your job and looking for a change? Chances are you work in media, and maybe should consider something in health care.
工作压力太大，想换个工作？有这种想法说明你很可能是个媒体工作者，而卫生保健方面的工作或许可以成为你转行的方向。
The nightmares appeared to him with celestial punctuality every single night he spent in the squadron.
他睡在中队里的每个晚上,恶梦总象日月星辰运转那样准时地找上他来
Also, please sign the pledge to support clean energy for everyone  http://t.cn/zl7uXGI
同时，为了支持清洁能源，请到以下网址签下你的承诺
if i could sum this up in one word...it'd be "wow"
如果要用一个词来总结... 那肯定是”哇
Just voted, make sure you get out to your polling station and vote today too! You have until 10pm tonight to do it.
刚刚投下一票。别忘记今天是投票日，投票站开放到晚上10点。如果对投票有任何疑问，请见网站
科学双语 - @翻译帖 -带你看世界  http://t.cn/zOHBkpf  Behind many of the world's best adventures is a female explorer who didn't experience the fame that some other adventurers get. Sure, you've heard of Amelia Earhart, but have you heard of any of the f
世界上很多传奇的探险活动背后，都有一位女性探险家，但并不像其他探险家那样声名显赫。当然，你肯定听说过Amelia Earhart，但是你听说过下面八位开拓性的女性吗？八位不为人知的女性探险家
entrepreneurs know that they can't do it all by themselves and so they learn how to share their vision and instill passion in their teams. http://t.cn/zj25CTL
伟大的企业家们清楚知道，他们不可能所有事情全靠自己去做，因此他们学会了如何在团队中共享愿景、激发热情。http://t.cn/zj25CTLGreat
Wondering what our tours are like? Easy to see. Daytrotter brought some cameras to our 4th of July show! http://t.cn/zlvf9Xw
想知道我们的巡演什么样？ 快来看看吧。Daytrotter带着相机来到了7月4日的演出现场
Ricky Martin转自rondenepr："A group becomes a team when each member is sure enough of himself and his contribution to praise the skills of the others.
" 一群人能成为一个团队，只有在每个人都充分相信自己和自己的成果能够让其他人更好的发挥特长的时候。（15小时前
The subject of demography has merged with that of reproductive strategies of organisms.
关于生命统计这个课题已渗入了关于有机体繁殖对策的课题。
The force and power that is Beyonce just shut the Super Bowl down ha! Too funny!
碧昂斯凭借她的魄力和力量结束了超级碗哈哈！太有趣了
Get ready to meet someone who changes your opinion about an issue you hold dear.
做好准备，你会遇见自己所珍视的人，Ta会改变你对某个问题的看法
" "Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you traveled from where you started.
"成功的含义不在于得到什么，而在于你从那个奋斗的起点走了多远
The chapter was very long, and consisted entirely of names, uncouth and difficult to pronounce.
这一章很长,包括许许多多人的姓名,这些姓名陌生而又难于发音
In the Philippines, to bring sustainable lighting to homes in impoverished communities, empty plastic bottles are being installed in ceilings. Filled with water and bleach, they refract sunlight, and provide light equivalent to a 55watt light bulb.
在菲律宾，为了给贫困区的家庭带来持续的照明，天花板上安装了空塑料瓶。装满水和漂白粉之后的塑料瓶，能够折射阳光，提供相当于55瓦灯泡的照明。
If your dad shoots off his mouth at your party, you can make a calm rebuttal.
如果你爸爸在你的晚会上高谈别人的秘密,你可以很冷静地制止他
The Chief still needs to wear a walking boot on my hurt foot one more week.  And I can't do hard running or impact sports for a few months.  But that won't keep me from going to the gym. I can still get fitness for my upper body and mid-section.  Keep going!!!!
老大受伤的脚上还需要穿助步器一周。接着的几个月还是不能快速奔跑或者做剧烈体育运动。但是这不能阻止老大去健身房。我仍旧锻炼上身和腰腹部。勇往直前
The judge's gaze shifted to include the young defence counsel, waiting dutifully beside his client.
法官的目光扫开去,同时望着那位年轻的辩护律师,后者正尽职地守在当事人身旁
in overwhelming awe of the world right now. take a breath and look around. it's beautiful.
对目前的世界产生无法抗拒的敬畏感，深呼吸，看看周围，世界是美好的。
Ricky Martin说：Congratulations it's Ramadan! 1.5 billion people around the world are celebrating!
祝贺一下，斋月（Ramadan）到了！全世界有15亿人正在庆祝这个节日！（8小时前
If you could fly anywhere in the world to see a show - where would it be?
如果可以飞去世界上的任何一个地方看演出--你想去哪里
I can't allow myself to be distracted by minor problems in my life while studying.I must withstand hardships.
我不能在学习的过程因个人生活的琐事而分心，必须经受住艰难困苦。
the real winner tonight is that new show splash. splashing into hearts this march.
今晚真正的赢家是那部新剧《splash》。这个3月即将渗入人心。
Look at the bright side, we had a nice dinner gathering tonight.
往好的方面看，我们好好的聚餐聊聊，很开心。
The life you want is the life you have to make.
想过什么样的生活,就一定要为它奋斗不止.
guy My pleasure Peter. Yes let's play basketball soon!! Maybe I can get Kobe Bryant to join us and we can bring a case of Sprite and dunk the b
我很乐意，Peter。是呀，让我们一起打篮球。也许我能让kobe Bryant一起加入。我们可以带一箱雪碧，一起来扣篮！@Thechief老大:回复
Just left the Intercontinental Hotel in Chongqing where the staff was very kind to me. I really enjoyed this mountain city: the people are nice, the food is great, there a plenty of opportunities for cooperation. Off to Xiamen next.
刚刚离开重庆洲际酒店，那里的员工对我非常友善。我真的很喜欢这座山城：人们很友好，食物很可口，还有很多很多的合作机会。下一站，厦门。
Instead of cutting trees, he suggested putting plants that need a lot of sunlight, such as tomatoes, in containers.
他建议把诸如西红柿之类需要大量阳光的植物放进容器里而不是砍伐树木。
I really like Sprite.  It's a drink that tastes good anytime of the day.   It's clean, crisp taste is very refreshing and I like the lemon lime flavor.  They say that after drinking Sprite you are more refreshed and ready to do more things.   I agree.  I also like it with food!!
我真的很喜欢雪碧。一天的任何时候喝，味道都很棒！它那纯净清爽的口味让你感觉精神焕发，而且我喜欢这柠檬味的。他们说喝完雪碧后，你会更加提神醒脑去做更多的事。我赞同。吃东西的时候我也喜欢搭配雪碧
So proud to be a part of UNICEF we raised 2.5 million dollars tonight!!
今晚@联合国儿童基金会 募集了250万美金，真的非常自豪自己能参与其中
Can't wait for you to hear the new music this summer.
迫不及待想要让你们在今夏听到新的音乐了。
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
谁也不察觉到有些人耗费了极大的精力,仅仅只为了显得正常
Argentina, the second largest nation, remained in melancholy stagnation and disarray.
第二大国阿根廷则仍处于可悲的停滞不前和一片混乱之中。
Is housekeeping considered manly? BTW I'm in the middle of cleaning house
打扫房子算很爷们儿吗？BTW自己在开始打扫房子
hardest part  about growing up  is letting go of what you were used to,　and moving on with something you’re not.
超级翻译：成长过程中最大的挑战在于抛弃那些你曾经熟悉的事物，在陌生的环境中不断前行
Recently auditioned for many exciting roles in tv and movies...hope I hear good feedback soon~!!!Fingers & toes crossed!
~!!! [愛你]最近面試了很多令我超興奮的電視和電影角色...我希望很快可以得到好的回答!!!
The men who seek intoxicating cups are men who invite their fates.
那些想喝得酩酊大醉的人是向命运挑战的人
Exactly four weeks passed since my sis and bro-in-law were killed in a hold-up at Manila. To those who sent condolence, I say thank you. To members of our beloved family circle, let's stay strong and brave. Have a peaceful Christmas.
刚好四周前，姐和姐夫在菲遇劫惨遭杀害。对向老王和家属致慰唁的博友，老王向大家致谢。对老王的大家庭成员，老王说，让我们保持坚强和勇气。祝愿大家有一个和谐温馨的圣诞节。
If you surround yourself with beauty today, you will give your heart a lovely boost.
如果你今天让身边充满美丽，那么你将使你的心灵受到不小的鼓舞
We are at famous tourist spot, "Singapore Flyer". The world's tallest observatory wheel, guess how tall?
万事达人#我们在新加坡旅游经典，”Singapore Flyer新加坡观景轮”。世界上的最高，你们猜多高呢
This is a photo of me and some Coke executives running a historic beach race. That middle guy in black is my boss. He is an amazing guy.  People call him "The Chief of The Chief". Even though he is older than me, he is fast as an antelope and never gives up.  A real competitor!!
看这张照片抓拍了我和可乐一些执行们在海滩赛跑的历史时刻！中间那个穿黑衣服滴是我老板！他可了不起啦！大家叫他"老大的老大"。尽管他年龄比我大，但是他跑得像羚羊那么快，而且从不放弃！一个真正的竞争者
His lateness was due to the very heavy traffic on the motorway.
他迟到是因高速公路上车辆过多所致。
In the Starting value box, type or select the starting value for renumbering.
在“起始值”框中,键入或选择重新编号的起始值
And of course, I don't just let my kids go to other people's houses to sleep -- I don't even know them, and there is often alcohol and very worrisome activities.
我当然不会让我的孩子们去其他人的家里去过夜——我根本就不认识她们，况且那样的活动中经常会有喝酒和其他令人担忧的情况.
is a fun to think about: as chips get smaller and faster, they become almost invisible, and part of everything. The only limit on real computing potential is the limit of our imaginations. I am glad we have people on our team who imagine big! http://t.cn/zlhj1k4
有一个非常有趣的话题：当芯片越变越小、计算速度越变越快，它们将“化于无形”，并可能成为任何物体的组成部分。未来计算潜能的真正制约因素，将只是人类想象力的局限。非常兴奋英特尔有这样的团队，他们在构想伟大的未来！http://t.cn/zlhj1k4This
Sometimes, people cry not because they're weak, it's because they have been strong for too long.
有的时候，人们之所以哭泣并不是因为软弱，而是因为他们坚强了太久。
I saw this quote "Don't argue with an ignorant person, it will be hard to distinguish between you", and wish I had used this wisdom during the stage in life where I held passionate views about issues or people.
我看到这样一句话“不要与无知的人争论，它会让你显得一样无知”，我希望在我对人对事持有强烈意见的人生阶段中曾实践了这样的人生智慧。
Not scary, even got comedy to watch, this is the only dental clinic that I visit during my 5 plus years in Malaysia. Today's Dental.
我来大马5年多，只在这家Today's Dental看牙，一点都不可怕，还有喜剧电影可以看喔。
Shanghai Shenhua fans warmly welcome #Didier Drogba# at Pudong International Airport,his weekly salary is 200,000 pounds.
上海申花球迷浦東國際機場火熱迎接迪迪埃·德羅巴,他的周薪為200,000 英鎊。
You have no idea how the sight of THIS thrills me!
你们不知道我看到这些有多激动
She never scolds her children for squabbling. Instead, she gives them a few words of praise when they play quietly.
她从不因为孩子们争吵便责骂他们,而是在他们安安静静地玩耍时赞扬几句。
However, daily use of this automatic timepiece ensures you need never be seen on the garage forecourt.
然而,每日使用此自动上链腕表时,可以确保永远不需看见前方的加油站
JT has NOT lost it. He is a rockstar...such a great presence. He's back baby...5 yrs. it was worth it.
JT还是很厉害。他是个摇滚明星。。。多么好的榜样。他回来了。。。5年了，是值得的。
but foreigners leave their bikes at the courtyard....  and have to go back next day to retrieve
)和一帮老外和国内的创业者在一个四合院喝酒，老外们真能喝，到8点就把我喝晕了。
If you tell Someone that you think they are cocky, they will totally agree with you.
如果你告诉某人你认为他/她高傲自大，他/她会完全同意你的观点
I am sitting on the airplane that will take me back to the USA after another constructive and fun visit to China. Best wishes to all my friends for a wonderful holiday this week. For my country this will be a normal work week so there will be lots of jealous Americans. Have fun!
在另一次具有建设性而又愉快的中国行之后，我坐上了回美的飞机。祝愿我所有的朋友们度过一个美妙的假期。在我们的国家，这将是一个正常工作周，所以会让很多美国人羡慕嫉妒恨。玩得开心
Getting enough sleep is very important to maximize your performance at work, at home and in exercise. I think people need 7 to 8 hours sleep to perform well.  I know it's difficult to get that much sleep sometimes. If you are having difficulty, at least try to do it when you can!
充足的睡眠是让你在工作生活以及运动中可以充分表现自己的一个重要前提。我认为人们需要7到8小时的睡眠才可以有好的行动力。我知道有时要有那么多的睡眠是很难的。如果很难做到，那至少在你可以的时候，试着拥有充足的睡眠吧
Without all the things that make America the grotesque giant it is.and your ability pass for an American makes you an absolutely unique soldier in this war.
正因为这些，美国是个奇怪的超级大国。你的能力足以被误认为是美国人，这让你成为这场战争中独一无二的战士
Happy thanksgiving!! We hope u & ur family r celebrating life & having a great day!
感恩节快乐！！希望你和你的家人正在为之庆祝并度过美好的一天
Well, just go forward and your happiness is waiting for you! Muah
!!!!!!!!!只要你抬起头往前走，幸福就会一直跟着你.
Amazing! "13 Reasons Shakira Should Be President Of The World" ShakiraHQ
太棒了！“Shakira应该成为世界首领的13个理由”。ShakiraHQ
She will also be speaking at a middle school in Chongqing.
她也会在重庆的一所中学有一次演讲。
Attempt to map network drive to unmapped drive or local drive.
试图将网络驱动器映射到未映射的或本地的驱动器上
Considering the needs of all interested parties including customers, owners, employees, suppliers, financiers, local communities and society as a whole.
整体考虑各利益团体的需求,包括客户、组织所有者、员工、供应商、金融机构、当地社团、社会。
There's nothing like summer time in the big apple. Second album release show tonight!
没有什么比纽约的夏日时光更吸引人了。今晚是我发行第二张专辑的演出
Ricky Martin说：Dear friend: If you are in need of people's approval, just make sure are people who really matter/care!
亲爱的朋友：如果你渴望得到他人的支持，请先确保他们都是真正关心你的人！（11小时前
Last match of the season for S.Anna!!! We finished in the middle of the table. I played 26 matches and I scored 5 goals along the season! Not so bad for a
本赛季圣安娜的最后一场球结束了！！！我们在积分榜的中间。整个赛季我踢了29场比赛，进了5个球！对39岁的我来说还不算差吧
I like the TV show Glee. First time I have seen Ricky Martin sing this song from LMFAO.
我喜欢看电视节目Glee。我第一次看到瑞奇·马丁从LMFAO唱这首歌。
Taiwan revises down its 2012 GDP growth forecast on global headwinds
台湾向下调整其对2012年全球阻力的GDP增长预测
She had let go the outer world, but within herself she was unbroken and unimpaired.
她舍弃了外部世界,但在她的内心,她并没有屈服,没有泄气
If we aren't in it to win, then why are we playing?" This is a famous quote from a sports athlete which I've forgotten his name. The translation into chinese ok?
"如果我们的目标不是胜利，那何必打呢?" 这个语录来自一个很有名的运动员，忘了他的名字。这个翻译准确吗
Coca-Cola named the world's most valuable brand by Interbrand.  Awesome.//
Interbrand发布可口可乐为全球最有价值的品牌！//
Life is like a sea. Only can a strong-willed person reach the opposite shore.
生活就像海洋, 只有意志坚强的人才能到达彼岸。早安
They probably knew more about Chinese geography than any other army.
他们也许比其他任何军队更加熟悉中国的地理
And we've got students tuning in from all across America, from kindergarten through 12th grade.
全国各地也有从幼儿园到高三的众多学生们，通过电视关注这里
Victims were offered, the altars smoked, and the odor of incense filled the air.
人们祭献供品,在圣坛前焚香供奉,空气中香烟缭绕。
Oliver Trevena: Shawn enjoying the ride!”   -- my legs hurt
Oliver Trevena：Shawn正在享受骑马的乐趣！”--我的腿痛
Last chance to come fly, tomorrow come to our #Nike Festival of Sport# running experience.
最后一次的机会飞起来，明天要来我们#Nike运动汇#的跑步区体验一下
The next meeting is about to begin after AIO discussion.  We decided to do more pull through programs as the new products show up in Q3.  Now we are going to spend a hour on our LOEM -ODM plans.  PRO ODMs will play a global role on design and manufacturing of our products.
一体机会议的结论是：我们将针对一体机Q3新产品推出更多具有拉动作用的项目。紧接着，是一小时讨论LOEM-ODM计划的会议。PRC ODMS在产品设计及生产方面将对全球起领军作用
I’M COMING TO TORINO IN ITALY ON THE 19TH OF JUNE!!!!!! ;-)  I CAN’T WAIT TO SEE YOU!
我6月19日将要到意大利都灵！！！！！;-) 等不及想要见到你们了
Recovering slowly, with agony, from each of these recurrent blows, his unquenchable exuberance had lived.
他怀着极大的痛苦从这接二连三的打击中慢慢恢复过来,而且他那抑制不住的活力保持下来
A vaccine against a monkey virus could offer clues to defeating HIV. S
发表了博文 《康志刚：猴子疫苗暗示如何阻止HIV病毒
When you shake hands with someone, offer a firm grip and be the last to let go.
和别人握手的时候，有力地握，而且最后一个松开。
Xandria-Eversleeping_  http://t.cn/zOfx511  #爱情是一种形而上# once i crossed 7 rivers to find my love  and for 7 years,i forgot my nam e
我曾经跨越7条河去寻找我的爱情， 7年中，我忘记了自己的名字，我愿意在我永远的臂弯中死7次
Things in your life are quieting down, leaving your environment free of noise.
你生活中所遇到的事端正在平息中，这将使你从纷扰的环境中解脱出来。
Ricky Martin转自AaronCohen777：To abolish slavery we must start a revolution in peoples' minds about freedom.
为了废止奴役行为，我们必须在人们的观念中展开一场关于自由的革命。（10小时前
aww a new day knick tribute!! Feeling the NY love!!;-) http://t.cn/zlevxUi
哇，我的新歌“New Day”被用来向尼克斯队致敬！！感受纽约的爱！！;-)
My siblings live in different parts of the US and have their own Thanksgiving traditions. Maria and I are lucky to live so close to my parents and her mom. We enjoyed a great meal with our parents, my son Pierce and brother in law Tommy. Lots to be grateful for.
我的兄弟姐妹住在美国不同地区，并且有他们自己的感恩节传统。很幸运，Maria和我与我的父母及她的母亲住得很近。我们和我们的父母，我的儿子Pierce还有大舅子Tommy一同享用了大餐。对很多事情，我们心怀感激
Got music on the mind today. Need some inspiration. What're y'all listening to?
今天想来点音乐。需要点灵感。你们都在听什么呢
One job's done, and restyled for the next one. Borderland, here I come!
今天的工作順利完成，下一個的造型也好了！Borderland,我快回來啦
TV last week broadcast a nearly hour-long show offering an inside look at Intel, including the company’s history and what is in store for our future. Sorry it’s English-only, but worth a watch if you have time: http://t.cn/zO3wjHA
上周播出了主题为“走进英特尔”的电视节目，该节目用近一个小时的时间详细介绍了英特尔的发展历史以及我们的未来发展。很遗憾只有英文的视频，不过如果你有时间还是值得一看。http://t.cn/zO3wjHABloomberg
Without transitoriness, without beginning or end, birth or death, there is no time, either.
没有短暂，没有开始或结束，出生或死亡，也就没有时间。
Love and respect my freedom, never want it to only be a dream!
热爱并尊重我的自由，从不愿它只是一个梦想而已
I thought I had good eyes, but I can’t read the bottom line!
我想我有很好的的眼睛,但是我不能阅读的底线
Working on music for Can A Song Save Your Life...love these tunes!!! So excited!!!
正在为"能有一首歌拯救你的生活“制作音乐...非常爱这些调调!!!很兴奋!!!
Each VRML vendor implemented a different subset of the spec, and it never gained traction.
每个VRML供应商都实现了一组不同的规范,而且从来都不相互进行沟通
Meetings all day, just got home all tired out, got a chance to Skype my parents. Miss them but have to wait until February till I get to see them, what should I do?
开会了一天,回到家很累，突然有机会和父母SKYPE一下。好想他们而且只能等到明年二月份才能见到他们, 怎么办呢
Mabuhay! Going to be a great gig tonight. Can't wait! iiii]; )'
马布海！今晚的演出一定很棒，等不及啦！iiii]; )'
To cagrasso： ha!  Did you catch me singing all crazy and loud to myself?!
对cagrasso说：哈！那被你撞见我疯狂而大声的对自己唱歌了么
friend's detached behavior may be sending a message. Stand up for yourself.
一个朋友超然的举动可能是在释放某种信息。坚持自我。
Vegas! Oooh weee! Backstage getting ready for my show, sponsored by BlackBerry!!! ;-)
维加斯！在后台为我的演出做好准备，演唱会由黑莓赞助!!! ;-)
I was up this morning early playing golf.  On one hole I saw this grass mower and started mowing.  I loved it.  This could be my new part time job!!!!
今天起个早我去打高尔夫啦！在一个球洞旁，发现了这个割草机，我开始推动它。我喜欢这个！可以当个兼职啦
I'm kinda in love with the vibe here in the Chi!....real talk
我有点爱上芝加哥的这种氛围了！....真正的交谈
I’ve decided to let our crazy, wonderful night together be just one of those memories you have and can call to mind when you’re feeling blue, or you are in the shower.
我决定让我们疯狂美好的夜晚成为众多美好回忆之一，成为心情沮丧回忆起的故事，成为洗澡时回忆的故事
Is the next one me?Human being treats us in this way,we 're in no ways.
下一個是我？有點意思。人類这樣對待我們，但我們沒有辦法
Wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now?
希望你可以回到过去，告诉自己你现在才明白的道理
The intellectual, who is working on some abstruse problem, has everything coordinated and organized for the matter in hand.
一个专心钻研某个复杂问题的知识分子，为了搞好手头的研究，要把一切都协调一致，组织周密。
Hey guys, please check this out...A kidney will save a life, go to http://t.cn/zWTmrFK to read about Mattneeds kidney
嗨，朋友们，请看看这个吧。。。一个肾可以挽救一个生命。登陆http://t.cn/zWTmrF9来了解一下详细内容吧
Anyone hurting the dignity of the DPRK supreme leadership will find no breathing spell in this land and sky
朝中社今天向大家的信息：“任何人胆敢丝毫侮辱朝鲜的最高尊严，必将不容于天地之间
accounting fraud allegations that have dogged various companies in the region, whether public or private
亚洲不少企业（包括上市企业和私有企业）受到会计欺诈指控的困扰
You have a magnetic effect on many people now, including some very insecure people.
你的吸引力感染了很多人，其中也包括哪些缺乏安全感的家伙。
Working out, I miss you. BTW. Tomorrow I'm going to run 10km for sure.
锻炼身体，我想你了。BTW 明天一定要跑10公里
The biggist lie I ever told is that I never lie.
还有一个常对自己说过的最大谎言是
Songkran is the new year of Dai nationality, the most important traditional festival in Xishuangbanna. It begins from April, 13th to April, 15th.
中的泼水节看的过瘾么？在云南，泼水节为傣族的新年，是西双版纳最隆重的传统节日之一，一般在阳历4月13日至15日
Next week is school holiday,but i still have to go to school,then where's the holiday?
下个星期虽说假期，但我还是得去学校，哪来的假期呀
It's a great day for romance! Share your smile with everyone you meet today.
今天是浪漫的一天！和所有相遇的人分享自己的微笑
The local guys are innovating more and the foreign guys are having to play catch-up,” says Ted Hurley, associate director of fast-moving consumer goods at Nielsen, the information and analytics company.
信息分析公司尼尔森的快速消费品副董事泰德·赫尔利表示：“中国本土企业的创新产品越来越多，致使外国公司不得不奋起直追。
Sometimes when we go to the park we end up in football games. Everyone is so nice at the park and they are very friendly.   What I like is that the football games include adults and children and Chinese and foreigners. This kid was half the size of The Chief, but twice as fast!!
有时我们去公园玩的时候，最后我们会踢足球。公园里的每个人都很和蔼可亲也很友好。踢足球的成员有大人有小孩，有中国人也有外国人，我很喜欢这样，大家一起玩。这个小孩只有老大身高的一半，跑起来速度可是老大的两倍快呢
The cupcakes in this book are beautiful and easy to bake, but I've no idea who's gonna eat them after I bake them! Can only bake for my elder sis, but my family seemsto be ona diet recently!
这本書的杯子蛋糕很漂亮，也容易弄，但我弄了出來之後不知道給誰吃！只有弄給姐姐吃，但一家人最近都在減肥當中
Felix and Oscar off the stage are still“The Odd Couple” .BTW We still have makeup on
台下菲利克斯和奥斯卡还是“古怪的一对”。 BTW.我们还没卸妆
it's already the 3rd day since I backed to Taiwan, walk in the alley around my home with Daddy, good to be with my family!
台湾的冬天最舒服，和老爸肩并肩走在家附近的巷子口，回来已经第三天了。Time flies,
I wish more people can read this letter, so that the people in China can be alerted by the public health problem. It has gone so far from its old civilization and its economical growth, and there is no one TV channel ever talked about it. Then who is going to take care about it?
老外吐槽中国卫生差，我对China既爱又恨 [泪]今天收到一外教老师的来信，信中他大吐了对中国的交织爱恨：我爱我的中国女朋友，我也爱中国，但中国公共场所脏乱差的卫生条件让我忍无可忍，是不是每个中国家庭都是这样脏呢？。。。看完这封信，你最想说点什么？[挖鼻屎]
So proud of you Garrett Gardner, loved your "Too Close" performance
真心为你感到骄傲，Garrett Gardner，大爱你演唱的
Louise is the daughter of a rich man but she is not ashamed to study.
路易丝是富翁的女儿,但却并不以读书为耻。
For example, last Sunday we invited the Yale men's tennis team over for dinner at our house. (my husband is the mentor for the team, making sure they keep their grades up)
比如上周日我们邀请了耶鲁男子网球队来我们家吃晚饭（我先生是网球队的指导老师，确保他们能有好的战绩
I figure life is a gift and I don't intend on wasting it. You never know what hand you're going to get dealt next. You learn to take life as it comes at you
我觉得生命是一份礼物，我不想浪费它，你不会知道下一手牌会是什么，要学会接受生活。——《泰坦尼克号
Cedarwood is a stress relieving oil and also good for courage and will power.
雪松是一种压力缓解石油和良好的勇气和意志力。
am proud Intel is a part of the China’s Age Friendly Cities initiative which will put China in a global leadership position as the world struggles to provide healthy and independent living opportunities and support for older people. Fascinating story here: http://t.cn/zWcqf4K
我很自豪英特尔参与了中国老龄宜居城市行动。在全世界都在努力为老龄人提供健康、独立的生活机会和支持时，中国发挥了全球引领作用。推荐一篇精彩的文章（英文）：http://t.cn/zWcqf4KI
I complain about having no shoes, until I saw someone with no feet.
我抱怨没有鞋，直到我看到有人甚至没有脚。
RT UberFacts: The music a person hears in childhood may affect that person's musical preferences as an adult.
转自UberFacts：人们小时候所听的音乐可能会影响他们成年后的音乐风格喜好
Life Goal 5 of 10 from The Chief: "Create and run an Orphanage".  I really believe that children represent the future. I have made a commitment for my four kids to have a great future. But it's not enough. One day I want to create an Orphanage that can help more kids!!!
老大生活目标之五："建造创办一所孤儿院"。我真心觉得儿童是我们的将来。我答应我的四个孩子要让他们有美好的将来。但这是不够的。有一天，我将要创办一所孤儿院去帮助更多的孩子
As mentioned in the article, I’m reading all your comments and reposts on Intel Medfield based Lenovo K800 smartphone everyday. it works great!
正如报道中所说，我每天是在基于英特尔Medfield芯片的联想K800智能手机上浏览大家所有的评论和转发。它用起来很棒
We'll be doing a lot of video updates so make sure you subscribe to our YouTube channel so you are notified!!  - JACOBY
我们将有更多的视频更新，所以一定要订阅我们的YouTube频道哦！特此通知!!——来自Papa Roach的主唱
gettn my costume ready for halloween... should i be a dogg or lion??
为万圣节准备好服装...我是应该扮成一只狗还是狮子呢
When will I be able to go gym everyday to burn my fat?!
我什么时候才能天天去健身房烧油啊
I saw this lady working out at my gym.  She was doing push ups with this 45 pound weight on her back. Very good!!!!!
我看见这位女士在我的健身房锻炼。她背负着45磅的重量做着俯卧撑。非常好
A lot of PC growth in China is coming from Tier3/4 cities. If you live in a Tier3/4 city, I’d be curious to hear your views on how technology is changing your life.
中国PC市场的增长在很大程度上源于三四线城市需求的增加，希望能听听生活在小城市的朋友们对科技改变生活的所见所感。
In the process of refueling, blood needs more coffee. Like drinking hot Americano, add skim milk and low calorie sugar. What do you guys like to drink?
在加油中，血液缺少咖啡,最喜欢喝的就是＂热美式咖啡，加低脂奶和健康糖。你们喝什么咖啡呢
You gotta listen to this! There's nuance and sophistication in this here high fructose love party
你们可得听听这个！这个高果糖love party里有细微的变化，很巧妙
Your family life and career life overlap more than you realize. Connect them today.
事业和生活的重叠程度比你意识到的还要高。今天，在它们之间建立沟通
Kids overseas all want the toys called "Ninjago", its classic Lego with a Ninja theme.  English masters， how can we say Ninjago in chinese?
国外的孩子都想要"Ninjago"玩具,是我们经典Lego混合忍者主题。英文高手的朋友，中文怎么说Ninjago呢?
The woman turned, tears streaking her cheeks. "I'm so glad to see you, Petra," she said.
女人转身回来,脸上挂满泪水,“我真高兴见到你,佩查。”她说
I took this awesome photo of my daughter Meredith at breakfast this morning at the bagel shop.   She is only 9, but starting to grow up fast.   So cute!!!!!
今早我拍了这张女儿Meredith在面包店享用早餐的照片，真是赞！她只有9岁，但是开始很快成长啦。真可爱
Which is your favorite way to teach your kids about money?
教育孩子如何理财不仅仅只是告诉孩子要学会存钱
We can advise you on a whole range of matters such as insurance and pensions.
我们可以在诸如保险和退休金等一系列项目上向你提供咨询。
These results may help to explain some of the conflicting data in the literature.
这些结果可能有助于解释文献中的一些争议的数据
Your energy may be lagging, but you could use a little break anyway. So enjoy it.
你的精力似乎有些衰竭，但利用这个机会稍事休整也不是什么坏事。
Still not sure exactly what they do but they're doing it
还是不确定他们到底在做什么，但是他们一直在做着
The promise is sweeter when this life is so dark and weary.
生活太艰难太辛苦希望就更为甜密。
Plane crashes while performing in Xi'an air show】 An aircraft plunged Friday morning during an air show in Pucheng county, northwest China's Shaanxi Province.
视频：http://t.cn/asbNYS快讯：14日上午，2011中国国际通用航空大会在陕西蒲城举行飞行表演时，一架飞豹战机出现意外坠机，人员伤亡不详，目击者看到有人跳伞
Although there are some scary moments here, and a lot of gruesome ones, this isn't a horror film so much as a faux eco-documentary.
恐怖海湾》63分：尽管有些可怕甚至恶心的情节，与其说它是恐怖片，还不如说它更像一部虚构的生态纪录片。
Gorgeous day in Edinburgh today. Great to be here. Its going to be a killer show tomorrow night! iiii]; )'
今天在爱丁堡度过了超棒的一天。很高兴来到这里。明天晚上的演出我要嗨翻全场！iiii]; )
I gave him shovels too, and guys to work with, just like you.
我和你一样也给过他铁铲还有其他跟他合作的人
That you're happy doesn't mean that everything's perfect, but rather it means that you ignore the flaws.
你快乐，不代表身边一切皆完美。而是意味着你已决定无视这些小瑕疵
There's been a great reaction on the doorstep all over London, London LibDems are working so hard, great to have such support!
伦敦市民很欢迎我们敲门到访，感谢自民党团队的努力，很荣幸得到那么多支持
I'm so glad you all are liking it! Thanks for all the great comments! xoxo
我很高兴你们都喜欢这支MV! 谢谢大家贴心的留言！爱你们
A lot of scoring going on in this USC / Oregon game
在此次南加州大学/俄勒冈的比赛中有好多进球得分
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
被击败不是最坏的失败，真正的失败是根本没有试过努力过。
Here are some of the ridiculous reasons that kids dismiss some excellent colleges, check it out
囧着.....【25个最荒谬的放弃一些好学校的原因，小编表示乐翻了
There are some larger challenges coming up in your future, but today's all fun!
未来几天内你会面临一些大挑战，但今天还是充满乐趣的
This mystical archipelago on East Africa’s Swahili Coast has witnessed human history: sultans, sailors, slaves, and spice traders have all passed through here once.
这个位于东非斯瓦希里海岸的神秘群岛见证了人类历史。君主苏丹，水手，奴隶以及香料商人都曾从这里经过
A strong banging in my chest as if my heart was going to come out.
我的胸部有猛烈的敲击感，好像我的心脏要蹦出来一样
it'll always be an uphill battle no matter how high you get..
不论你到达怎样的高度，总会有一场艰苦的斗争
Myolie:I woke and saw Dou Dou sleeping like this. Maybe he is a snake in his past life?
一早起來，看到豆豆睡成这樣，莫非他前生是一條＂蛇
The single most effective thing we can do to get the global economy growing faster is to get the US economy growing faster.
要让全球经济发展更快，我们能做的最有效的一件事情就是更快地发展美国经济
Some analysts fear that the surge in Chinese interest in wine risks creating a Bordeaux bubble that will damage quality over time as buyers value brand names over specific vintages.
分析师担心中国人对葡萄酒的兴趣激增,可能催生..长期有损于质量,因为买家注重品牌名称而非具体的酿造年份.
Kisses for you all! Having fun on set at the NYLON México magazine shoot! xo
送给你们的吻！在墨西哥版《NYLON》杂志的拍摄现场玩的很愉快！xo
Another good news! My sister Michelle (who is a tiger mom too!)'S son Dimitri is going to Yale too next year! So she will have 2 kids at Yale.
另外还有一个好消息！我妹妹Michelle（她也是个虎妈）的儿子Dimitri明年也要上耶鲁大学了！这样她就有两个孩子都在耶鲁了
She remembered her rosy dreams and the image she had of him.
她回忆起她玫瑰色的梦和她当时对他的印象
Looks like my dinner is about to eat me!! Taste much better than they look
看起来我的晚餐要吃了我！！尝起来比看上去好多了
He would not drive the child into opposition by resenting and resisting it.
他不会怨恨和抵制这种反应,把孩子推向对立面
gon be n the capital of india what shud i go see
马上要到印度的首都了，我应该去看些什么
We're on the cover of this week's The Brag! Sydney-siders, pick up a copy this morning
我们登上了The Brag这周的封面！悉尼的支持者们，今天早上去买一本吧
My two daughters are getting prettier everyday.  Now they have simple but beautiful dresses, wrist bands and hair bands.  So sweet!!!!
我的2个女儿一天比一天漂亮啦！她们着装简单而又美丽，带着手腕带和发箍。多么甜美呀
Got up to talk with my brother and nephew( Second Oldest). Miss them! When should I start having kids?
起床时候和我的哥哥和侄子（老二）聊天。好想他们啊 我应该什么时候生孩子呢
Crazy excited for my first Black Berry project!! It involves my beautiful fam!! ;-)
对于我第一次设计黑莓感到超级兴奋!!!里面包括了我美丽的家人!! ;-)
"Milan will buy a player that will be a left midfielder. We have never asked for Hamsik although we don't rule him out and as for Fábregas, he is too expensive.
"/。“米兰将购买一名左中场。我们从未打听过哈姆西克但不排除买他。至于法布雷加斯，他太贵了。”——加利亚尼
up worrying about what others think of you.  What they think isn’t important.  What is important is how you feel about yourself.
不要为别人怎么看你而烦恼。别人的看法并不重要，重要的是你怎么看待你自己。Good night,!晚安
Keeping it up close and personal. Spoke with party activists in Camden on the last week of campaigning.
与支持自民党的年轻人在Camden交流。竞选活动进入最后一个星期。谢谢Chris Richards提供照片
A feeling or an intuition of what is going to occur; a presentiment.
预感,预知对将要发生的事的感觉或直觉;预感
Jaguars live alone and define territories of many square miles by marking with their waste or clawing trees.
美洲虎独居,通过他们的排泄物或者在树上留下爪子的抓痕来界定很多平方英里的领土
And thou sayest, How doth God know? Can he judge through the dark cloud?
你说,神知道什么。他岂能看透幽暗施行审判呢
Your heavy mood can be lightened by facing your troubles head-on.
直面烦恼，你沉重的心境就能得到缓解。
Premier Wen arrives in Wenzhou to mourn victims of train crash
温总理抵达温州 悼念火车追尾事件遇难者
used to think it was benign neglect,but now I see that you're intentionally screwing me.
帕克，我原以为你只是忽视我，可现在我知道了，你就是在针对我。
Regional inequality Internal affairs The gap between many rich and poor
发表了博文 《康志刚：雅思写作准备大作文之贫富差异
In SOT postgraduate training we use The Thirty Day Geddes Pipeline as one of the principal leadership strategies. It is a clever strategy for developing the skills of making a commitment and keeping a promise.
在思维学院学位中，我们使用“30天格迪斯管道”训练方法作为我们领导层训练的主要方法。这是一个培养敢于承诺能力的一个聪明的策略。
I can send him a note via the internal mail system.
我可以通过内部通信系统给他发个通知。
The joys of winning our 19th title last week can only be matched by the dissapointment of losing tonight. Devastated.
曼联上星期第19次夺冠的喜悦全被今晚欧冠失利的失望情绪代替了，我很郁闷。
RT Truth_is_Scary: 27 Things That Every American Should Know About The National Debt
转自Truth_is_Scary：每一个美国人都应该知道的关于国债的27件事
You want to know what the cutest kid on earth looks like? (Look at the picture, it's my nephew, the third)
大家想知道全球最可爱的孩子有什么样子呢？（请看图片，是我的侄子，老三
Nestle has already multi-category business lines that include milk powder, coffee and candy, but the food giant has been attracted by the high-margin nutrition products.
虽然雀巢旗下已经拥有包括奶粉、咖啡和糖果等多品类的业务线，但是高利润的营养品还是吸引了这家食品巨头的目光。
One of the Wuhan University 's main gates was turned down in order to save the space for other construction near there.
武漢大學那麽多教授沒人阻止？無論大門建設多久了，畢竟是武大的文化符号。
You must put a token in a slot which allows you to pass through a turnstile onto the platform.
乘车券必须放在验票槽,过了旋转闸之后才可上月台乘车。
My daughter Meredith can surf.  Pretty good for a nine year old!!!!
我的女儿Meredith会冲浪。对一个9岁的孩子而言，已经很好啦
No challenge is too great to hold you back. Martine Wright lost both of her legs in the 2005 London subway bombing, but didn't let that stop her from living her life and dreaming big. Her determination to live her dreams has led her to become a Paralympic athlete.
没有任何挑战可以阻止你！玛蒂娜•怀特在2005年伦敦地铁爆炸案中失去了双腿，但这并没有阻止她对于精彩生活与伟大梦想的追逐。她决定延续自己的梦想，而且正在伦敦残奥会赛场拼搏，令人敬佩。
I intend to forgive those ancestors who hated so greatly that they would kill or maim another human.
我愿意宽恕那些拥有极大仇恨以至于杀害或致残他人的祖先们
I'm sorry again for stay long without comming here!Today is my last day in China,I'm going tomorrow morning to Japan!I wish all the best for all of you, and really THANK YOU ALL,you made my staying in china so much better!Thanks for support @Leo_LeonardoFrosi  and me!
大家好！我很抱歉这么久都没来这里了。今天是我在中国的最后一天，我明天早晨就要去日本了！我希望你们一切安好，也真的很感谢你们，你们让我在中国过得更加美好！谢谢对我和@Leo_LeonardoFrosi 的支持！[爱你]Hello!
careers are made by recognizing the opportunities that come up outside of our focus area. Stay open and aware because most people who are successful are successful at something they never thought they would be. Other good advice here: http://t.cn/zlEDT9g
一个好的职业机会，可能出现在我们专注的领域之外。我们需要保持开放和敏锐的态度，因为大多数成功人士，往往是在那些他们从未想过会成功的领域取得成就的。http://t.cn/zlEDT9gGreat
The oil rushes up the tube and spouts up as a gusher.
石油会沿着钢管上涌,如同自喷井那样喷射出来。
He dreamt not only that one cow was sick, but that all his cattle had fallen ill.
他梦见不单是一头奶牛病了,而是他的所有牛群都病了
wow thanks everyone for the support it was at first a scary decision but feels so right as it seems the perfect balance for me now.
翻译有误，更正【感謝大家的支持，起初这是個艰难的決定，但現在感覺非常不錯，因為對於現在的我來說它似乎是個完美的平衡点
Tips#Cautions in a hot spring： Start from lower temperature; close eyes， breathe deep; get out promptly; drink much water after; avoid soaking when hungry or overfull.
泡温泉需注意：低水温泡起。闭眼，深呼吸。上身及时露出水面或离水歇息。过后补水。饥饿、太饱不宜浸泡
Two reports found that U.S. fourth and eighth grade students continue to lag behind many of their peers in Eastern Asia and Europe in math, science and reading.
转发微博调查报告称美国四到八年级的学生在数学、科学和阅读方面仍落后于东亚和欧洲的同龄人
Work even harder than ever, hope can afford to fly my parents to Malaysia and live with me, I want a warm and complete home here.
在大马还是用回简体，人啊，温吞一点好，立志接爸妈来马同住，我要一个家的完整和温暖
Almost all the politicians are ambitious in accomplishing their own political goals.
几乎所有的政治家都野心勃勃想要实现自己的政治目标
Mmmmmm.... I  sweets ! Thanks  werkday thats a wrap
嗯....太甜蜜了！谢谢 工作日，收工了
Half of men say they would forgive their partner's infidelity, so long as it occurred with a woman. But only 22% said they would forgive a woman who slept with another man.
德克萨斯大学一项研究表明，50%男性可以原谅女人与同性出轨，但只有22%男性会原谅女人与其他男人发生关系。
23% of traffic accidents are alcohol related. This means that the remaining 77% are caused by people who just drink coffee, carbonated drinks, juices, milk, water, and stuff like that. Therefore, beware of those who do not drink alcohol. They cause three times as many accidents.
23%的交通意外跟酒精有关。也就是说剩下77%的事故都是由那些喝咖啡、碳酸饮料、果汁、牛奶、水以及其他类似东西的人所造成的。因此，请小心那些不喝酒的人。他们造成了三倍多的交通事故。
Finally can go to the airport directly from my house on the subway, from line 6, to line 10 then the airport express. How do you guys get to the airport?
终于可以从家里坐地铁直接去机场，从6号线转10号就机场线。今天开始不怕堵车，拒载或者其他控制不了的原因。你们平时怎么去机场呢?
One spot left on Team Shakira. One blind audition show remaining on The Voice. One reminder to tune in ... ShakiraHQ
夏奇拉队上还剩下一个学员名额。《美国好声音》海选还剩一集未播。友情提醒大家记得要收看哦 ...夏奇拉总部
The fields were sallow with the impure light, and all were tinged in monochrome, as if beheld through stained glass.
田野在混浊的月光中呈现一片灰黄,万物都染上了这种单调的颜色,就象透过一层有色玻璃所见到的情景
Britney will release her new song Oh La La for Smurfs 2 very soon
布兰妮即将发行她为《蓝精灵2》演唱的主题曲
I like to see this Coke truck when I walk in the morning!!!!
早上散步的时候，我喜欢看到这可乐的货车
The depressing truth is that at the bottom of our society is a layer of young people with no skills, education, values or aspirations. If you live a normal life of absolute futility, which we can assume most of this week’s rioters do, excitement of any kind is welcome.
一个令人沮丧的事实就摆在眼前，在我们社会的底层有着这样一批没有生存技能、没有受过教育、找不到生活意义和愿景的青年人。如果一个人整天都过着毫无意义的、平常到让人乏味的生活，那么任何形式的刺激他都会欢迎，对于这些年轻人来说就是这样。
"。I believe one of the keys to business success is keeping things simple. Things are difficult enough without making them more complicated. Albert Einstein said, "Any fool can make things bigger, and more complex... It takes a genius and courage to move in the opposite direction
我觉得商业成功的一个要诀是保持事情的简单化。事情本身已经充满困难，别说再人为复杂化。爱因斯坦说"任何一个有智力的笨蛋都可以把事情搞得更大更复杂，往相反的方向则需要天分以及很大的勇气
Americans spend up five years of their lives in that tedious, stressful but unavoidable process known as waiting.
美国人一生中花费在枯燥、烦闷却又躲避不掉的等待上的时间竟达五年之多
My daughter , Sophia, will be giving a speech for charity in Shanghai on 6/18,the speech will be free and open to the public.
我的女儿Sophia， 6/18将会在上海有一场公益性的演讲，这次演讲将会免费对公众开放。
Happy 40th birthday to Eminem! What are your favorite Eminem songs?
祝Eminem四十岁生日快乐！你最爱的Eminem歌是什么
Thanks to Duff McKagan for coming down; jamming a couple tunes as well. Made it a perfect night.
感谢Duff McKagan的到来,带了一些表演,让今晚变成了一个完美之夜.
What a Race!! It was hard work without KERS but I'm very happy with P5! Just enjoying it now :)
真是一场精彩的比赛！没有KERS很艰难，但非常开心我获得了第五名！现在享受这一切吧:)
It is also encased in membranes of connective tissue called the meninges.
它还被一些结缔组织的膜所包裹,这些膜叫做脑膜。
You'll wake up on the social side of the bed today -- prepare to make friends.
醒来的时候你会有一种社交欲望，做好结交朋友的准备吧
[Chinese design highlights London Fashion Week] Chinese designers mingled the colors and designs of the western fashion world with oriental symbols
[中国设计惊艳伦敦时装周] 中国元素与世界流行趋势接轨的精彩设计，在国际时尚盛典上引起特别关注
By 2017 there will be 42 million Internet-connected cars. These cars will automatically know your climate, music, route preferences, contact lists, etc. Intel is helping. What do you want your connected car to do?
到2017年将会有4200万汽车连入互联网。这些汽车能够自动知道天气、你喜欢的音乐、线路以及联系人列表等。英特尔正致力于此，你希望你的汽车联网后做些什么
A man who does not know where he is going, usually gets there in the end.
一般来说， 一个不知道自己要去哪里的人，最终也会走到他的目的地
Don't forget who you are but more importantly don't forget who you're not. Wise words from my dad.
别忘了你是谁，但更重要的是不要忘记你不是什么样的人。来自我父亲的箴言
Most lovers celebrate the Western Valentine's Day,the price of roses rise crazily in Shanghai now,many flower dealers expect it for a long time,a big profit will be won. ENGLISH.
情人节大部分人还是2月14日过，上海的玫瑰花儿都贵疯了，好多商家都盼着这天的来临，可以疯狂的赚一把。
Prince William's wife has been revealed as a distant relation of British novelist Jane Austen according to genealogy website Ancestry.com.
根据一家名为Ancestry的家族宗谱网站的发现，原来威廉王子的娇妻还是英国著名女小说家简·奥斯汀的远房亲戚
This jar of old marinade腌泡汁 can be used next time. Don't pour it away.
这坛子老汤下次腌咸菜时还可以用，不要倒掉。
Sunday in Santa Monica. Yummy food, good company and live music!
周日在圣莫妮卡，有好吃的食物、很棒的伙伴和现场音乐听
Brawl on the wall / 17th november /  Beijing gala dinner and super fight - tickets on sale now - hurry while tables are still available!!
决战长城将于11月17日上演，丰盛晚餐及精彩比赛怎能错过？门票正在抢购中，还不快行动
Ricky Martin说：That awkward moment when you buy a bag of air and there’s chips inside
最讽刺的是你本想买个充气袋，却发现里面装有薯片 （4小时前
"A" found me at Barry's Bootcamp! Thank you David Siik for an insane workout.
我在Barry的训练营里拿到了“A”！谢谢David Siik让我进行了一次疯狂...
Private doctors in Hong Kong expect to be fully booked for Caesarean sections on December 12 this year - or 12/12/12, the last triple such date of the century and a day some couples consider lucky or auspicious.
今年年12月12日，即12/12/12, 有些夫婦認為孩子在这天出生是吉祥的。在香港，剖腹產的预约，将使私家医生应接不暇。这可是本世纪最后一次的三重叠日子
Meet our fill in drummer. Can't go to close he likes to bite.
这满足了我们对鼓的需求。不能走的太近，它们喜欢咬人
How not to become a bond girl!! Lol!!! Enjoying these and the oscars
怎么能不成为邦女郎！！哈哈！！！享受这些和奥斯卡吧
S is for Spider. shadow scary super slayer   - S
代表Spider (蜘蛛）。恐怖影子+超级杀手
The more effort that is devoted to defending the past the less effort that is devoted to designing the future.
如果你把更多的时间用在辩护过去上,那么设计你的未来的时间就更少了.
As we stepped into the vast inclosed court of the castle I got a shock.
刚走进城堡中那个四面都是墙的大院子,我就不由得心惊胆战
U.S. FDA plans to improve safety, quality control of imported products
健康新闻：美国食品药监局计划提高进口产品安全
Thanks Michigan for a great show last night ! See you again soon!
昨晚在Michigan的演出真是太精彩了！希望能很快再次见到你们
Moscow &St Petersburg are 2 amazing cities to visit - but even better 2 play! Thx 2 everyone that made our 1st trip 2 Russia unforgettable!
莫斯科和圣彼得堡是2个值得去的城市- 更加是适合演出的地方！谢谢让我们的第一次俄罗斯之旅如此难忘的每个人
the location for shooting is sooooo far away from PJ, good morning, happy working.
从天黑到天亮的路程真是遥远啊，早安，准备开工
When a student tells me I'm a good teacher, I'm all like:
当学生告诉我，”你是个很好的老师“， 我就像这样:
So I recently started acupuncture and yoga ....next thing you know I'll be going to coffee shops and writing in a journal Whatever works ha!
我最近开始了针灸和瑜珈。。。下一件事情你知道的，我将会去咖啡店写日记，只要有用就行哈
Dig deep down in your heart and share your true feelings with someone special.
深入挖掘自己的内心，和特别的人分享自己的真实感受
We may not see it at the time, we may consider the experience entirely wasted, but, as Emerson says,"The years teach much which the days never know.
也许我们当时看不到这一点，可能认为那种经历纯粹是浪费生命，但是，正如爱默生所言：“学问积年而成，而每日不知也。
Gym time! Again! Actually starting to enjoy it. Feels wrong! Ha ha
去健身房的时间又到了！说实话我开始喜欢了。不可会吧！哈哈
This is especially important when using a public or kiosk computer.
使用公共或展台计算机时,这一点尤其重要。
When was the last time you really, truly challenged yourself? Go for it today.
距离上次你真正挑战自我已经过去多久了？今天再试试吧。
Happy New Year!  Thanks for an amazing year. 2013, bring it on!
新年快乐！谢谢你们给我们带来精彩的一年。2013，放马过来吧
I need to have this installed in my place asap! Agree?
我需要尽快将这个装在我家里！你们同意不
It's A day liars!!!! It's going to be A memorable Pretty Little Liars premiere ;)
粉丝们就是今天啦！！！《美少女谎言》的首播一定会让人印象深刻 ;)
Nothing is harder to bear than wandering through life without a purpose. If you have no goal today, then what reason do you have to wake up tomorrow?
MORNING, BEIJING没有比漫无目的地徘徊更令人无法忍受的了。如果今天的你还没有任何目标，那么明天的清晨，你用什么理由把自己叫醒呢
Researchers found that levels of stress were highest among adults between the ages of twenty-two and twenty-five.
研究人员发现，22-25岁的成年人压力最大。（这不明摆着的嘛，还用得着研究
The telephone rings and this marks the prelude to an unforeseen series of catastrophes.
这时电话铃响了。它预示着一连串意想不到的灾难的来临
The faithful will walk through streams of fire and emerge unscathed.
信念能使人行走在火焰的洪流中并毫发无伤。
Another job landed!!! In early September I'll be doing two or three days of shooting some comic sketches for a cook county Judge's campaign. They will be on the internet and possibly tv but not positive. This truly looks like a fun and light-hearted project!!
一个美国人的生活：有新工作了！九月初的两三天，我会为一位库克县法官的竞选活动做一些搞笑小品。东西会发布在网上，也有可能上电视但不能确定上。这可真是个好玩而轻松愉快的项目
tbt...to when i saw the back to the future shoes in vegas
旧照回顾...我在拉斯维加斯看到可以穿越到未来的鞋子
Shame i could not drive today....Finally back at the Hotel after a wet and cold day!
很遗憾我没能在周五驾驶赛车……这一天又湿又冷，回到酒店简直太好了
Threats of Japanese conquest had provoked great demonstrations of the people, especially among the enraged youth.
日本征服的危胁,在人民中间,特别是在愤怒的青年中间,激起了盛大的示威抗议
Vital statistics are the basic or derived data regarding vital events.
生命统计是有关生命事件的基础的或派性的资料
Make smart eating choices today! Give your body foods it needs!
今天要做出明智的饮食选择！让你的身体吸收一些它需要的食物吧
Good morning China. This is from my photo shoot with Teen Vogue. I love it! <3
早上好，中国的粉丝们。这是我为《Teen Vogue》杂志拍摄的一张照片。我非常...
Plenty of people miss their share of happiness,not because they never found it but because they did not stop to enjoy it.
很多人错过了他们的那份幸福，不是因为他们从未得到过，而是他们没有停下脚步去享受幸福
Thanks to you all for your support tonight, means a great deal
感谢今晚你们每个人对我的支持，对我来说很重要.
LA was UNREAL! Thank u for your love! Thanks to Rolling Stone for the nice recap... - LA
真的太精彩了！跟那些你们的爱！谢谢Rolling Stone拍摄的照片
Every morning I check the weather forecast. If it might rain, I take an umbrella. Today I took an umbrella. Today did other people also take an umbrella?
每天早晨我查看天气预报。如果下雨,我带把雨伞。今天我带了一把雨伞。今天别人也带把雨伞
The answer is that seaweeds produce various chemicals that help keep the sea water clean.
答案是海藻生产出各种各样的化学物质,这些化学物质有助于使海水保持清洁
Very rare, four point, ginger elk found mounted in Carrboro dressing room.
在 Carrboro的更衣室中发现了非常罕见的，四个角的姜黄色麋鹿
Why what had become of this world? We need to protect our children!
世界怎么会变成这样呢？我们需要保护我们的孩子们
LP Underground members preparing to clear weeds in a park in Auckland today.
LP Underground中的成员今天在奥克兰的公园里准备清理杂草。
QOTD: "sorry to interrupt you two... But we're doing a group picture"
每日一言:“抱歉打扰你们了...我们在做一个集体照.
Pres. Obama sits where a black lady, Rosa Parks, refused to give her seat to a white passenger in 1955. A city-wide boycott resulted in lifting the law requiring segregation on public buses. Change takes time. It was inconceivable in 1955 that a black man would be President.
奥巴马总统所坐之处正是1955年一位名叫Rosa Parks的黑人女士拒绝让位给白人乘客的地方。全市范围内的抵制最终导致了公共巴士上的种族隔离法的解除。改变需要时间。一位黑人会成为总统，这在1955年是不可想象的事情
Our country should undertakes better care system for those senior soilders who has contributed greatly to the nation's anti-Janpanese invasion victory and liberation process.
国家应该给革命老战士更多的福利，让他们安享晚年，因为他们为国家的独立和民族解放做出了不可磨灭的功勋。
Appreciate your true friends, who are always there for you. Let them help you.
对那些一直陪伴着你的朋友感恩。让他们帮助你
Man. The Voice is just so unbelievably fun! I can't stand it!
哇。《美国之声》真是太有趣了！我受不了了
Due to various issues with digital cameras involving noise, pixels will rarely maintain their exact color value between frames.
由于各种原因,数字摄像机会产生噪声,所以在帧之间像素很难维持完全一样的颜色值
Obama says Gaddafi's rule in Libya has come to an end
奥巴马称卡扎菲在利比亚的统治时代已经终结
She has been a good friend to me in adversity or in prosperity.
不管我身处逆境还是顺境，她一直是我的好朋友。
Today you must avoid group-think. Exercise your independent thought early and often.
今天，你必须避免群体思维，及早频繁地训练自己独立思考的能力。
Periods which they thought were hopeless, dark and of no possible practical value have turned out to be the most priceless experiences they ever had.
他们认为自己一生中毫无希望、不见光明、不可能有实用价值的阶段却成为他们拥有的最高贵的经历。
Finally here, love this country already. Can't wait for the show tomorrow!!
终于到这里了，已经非常喜爱这个国家了。等不及要开始明天的演出了
"I like that people are getting to see the real me, that I have a vulnerable side. I am always crying when I watch movies! I even cried when I was watching Desperate Housewives the other day!"
"我很乐意人们看到越来越真实的我，看到我也有脆弱，柔软的一面。我经常在看电影的时候哭泣，甚至有一次看绝望主妇我也哭了。”小威发布会语音
Jeremy Lin and his friends are funny. The ‘How to get into Harvard’ video, now the ’10 reasons why I am not cool’.
林书豪和他的朋友们是很有趣的。如何才有办法进入哈佛大学视频,现在我不是10原因很酷
You are not here to air your blood or your graces, and nothing of the sort will be permitted.
我们并不是请您来卖弄您的家世,也不是请您来耍排场摆架子,这一类的事情都是绝对不准许的
He is an excellent athlete; all his movements are perfectly coordinated.
他是个优秀的运动员，他所有的动作都非常协调
I don't use film out of devotion to the past, but because right now I think it's still the best looking shooting format available.
我用胶片的原因不是出自怀旧，而是因为现在我仍觉得它是现有的最好看的拍摄格式
Helmut Lang is one of the last brands to launch a lower-end diffusion line. Even our beloved Helmut Lang is selling out to the fast fashion industry!
赫尔穆特·朗基本上是最不可能推出低端生产线的品牌了. 竟然连我们挚爱的它也开始向快时尚投降了吗!
Regular air traffic links London to the rest of the country.
定期班机把伦敦和全国其他地方连接了起来。
Boys learn from an early age... "I will buy you whatever you want. Even 100 pairs of shoes to." ~from a love letter by a little boy to a little girl
男孩们跟这个小孩学学……“不管你要什么我都会给你买。100双鞋也行”~ 一个叫Julian的小男孩写给一个叫Wendy的小姑娘的情书
just now i swallowed some water through my nose while i was showering.....classic!
刚才洗澡时候通过我鼻子吞下水了。。。精彩!。。。
Pious Pete teleports you from what you are doing to a church to relight his candles.
虔诚的皮特将你传送到一个教堂,并请你帮他点燃蜡烛
Russia insists legally guarantees from U.S. and NATO on missile defense shield
俄罗斯要求美国北约就欧洲反导系统作出法律担保
They act out their dramas in a setting whose wilderness immensity both dwarf and ennobles whatever they achieve.
他们在荒原上奠定了他们的事业,而广阔无际的天地既使他们的成就显得渺小,也显得崇高
night# Travel enough, then learn to know what is the amazing scenery.
看过许多风景，才知道什么是无以伦比的美丽。
On my way to A&T university to turn out the vote for Barack Obama!! We have incredible power!! It's our duty to use it! NC votes early
正在去北卡罗莱纳理工州立大学为Barack Obama投票的路上！！我们有非常强大的力量！！利用它是我们的职责！北卡罗莱纳州早投票
Shaanxi Xian International Expo Centre is big and new,new business can be operated there,every tradeshow exhibitor needs a booth design and construction company, contractor.
看着西安展览中心挺大的，很新。以后我们可以往西安发展发展。参展商肯定需要展台设计和搭建商,建造商
After all that theatre, staying home today to watch the great Gordon Liu in The 36th Chamber of Shaolin.
去了那么多天的剧院，今天在家看《少林三十六房》，刘家辉的表演太棒了。
Thanks Shanghai, I had a great time. Hope I will see you guys soon! [呵呵][呵呵][呵呵] Next stop Shenyang~
谢谢上海，我在这儿玩得很开心。希望我可以很快回来再见到你们！下一站沈阳~
Some songs can make you sad & cry when you hear them. But it’s actually not the song that makes you cry, it’s the people behind the memories.
总有那么一些歌，让我们悲伤，让我们哭泣。但其实让我们哭泣的并不是那些歌本身，而是藏在回忆里的那些人
And like many other immigrants, we wanted our son to become the president of this country.
和很多其他的移民一样，我们都希望自己的儿子能成为这个国家的总统
Why yes, I do now own these ice cube trays. Why do you ask?
是呀，这些方块冰盘现在是归我所有。你问来做什么
You guys know how to make a girl feel so GOOD! Thanks for the love xoxo
你们懂得怎么去逗一个女孩开心！谢谢你们对我的喜爱，爱你们
Reborn to be alive: Becoming a donor is probably your only chance to get inside her.
成为一个（器官）捐助者可能是你唯一进入她身体的机会
I like this song. I have not heard this version before. [good]
我喜欢这首歌。我没有听到这个版本。
So proud of Venus Williams for her 1st runway show for her line Eleven! And thank you so much for the cute workout gear!!!
Venus Williams举办了她的服装品牌Eleven的首次T台秀，真为她感到骄傲！同时谢谢她为我们带来的这些漂亮的健身服
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
教育就是要使人具备一种能力,可以听到任何话都不动怒或丧失自信
Hope you like the broccoli I gave.you, Happy birthday Nina! BTW.In some countries giving broccoli is considered good luck?
希望你喜欢我送给你的西兰花，Nina生日快乐! BTW.在有的国家送西兰花是好运?
Schleicher was urging him to increase his power-and, not inconsequentially, Schleicher's own-by expropriating some of the subordinate services.
施莱歇极力怂恿他利用部分下级机构来加强自己的权力--当然也就加强了施莱歇本人的权力
Trying to get this guy to follow me back to the hotel w/some Pringles. iiii]; )'
正尝试着用一些品客薯片诱惑让这个家伙跟我一起回酒店。iiii]; )'
Single dose injection method is used for substances with slow renal excretion rate.
单个剂量注射法,这可用于肾排泄率缓慢的试验物质
You are able to quickly and successfully edit a new program by using MPG control and TEACH mode.
具有MPG手轮编辑功能及TEACH教导模式,使您可迅速成功的编写程式。
In that more constructive spirit, let us look at new situations with new eyes, and in doing so, set an example for the world.
本着这种更富有建设性的精神,让我们用新的眼光来看待新的形势,并且通过这样做,给全世界树立榜样
Getting excited!  Only four more weeks until Christmas.  Where do you guys spend your holiday?
太激动了！还有4个多礼拜就要过圣诞了。你们打算去哪度假呢
They are disputing about the rights and wrongs of the case.
他们正在激烈争论这个事件的是非曲直。
My four kids each just brought home their school photos.  I am so proud of them.  This is Robert.  He is 13.  He is turning out to be such a handsome young man!!!  Luckily he looks like his Mother and not his Father, ha ha!!!
我滴四个孩子刚把他们的学校照片带回来啦。我可为他们骄傲了。这是Robert,13岁，多帅的小伙子呀。幸运的是他像他妈妈而不是爸爸，哈哈
Many have expressed an interest in my daughter's wedding. In a few weeks there will be photos to post. In the meantime, I am posting this letter that I recently gave to Lauren with three pieces of jewelry. "Of the men in your life I loved you first.
很多人对我女儿的婚礼感兴趣，接下来的几周将会有照片奉上。与此同时，我贴出最近写的这封信，连同三份珠宝一起送给劳伦。“在你生命里，我是第一个爱你的男人。
Ricky Martin说："If you have to make a law that hurts a number of people just to prove your morals or faith, then you have no true morals or faith to prove
" “如果你不得不制定一条法律，以伤害一批人为代价，仅仅为了证明自己的道德或者信念，那么你就毫无道德或者信念可言”（15小时前
Bob Martino, PR of NPE just told me that wifi is available all the time and everywhere in the fairground. That's great news! I can take photos and post weibo on the spot.
NPE公关Bob Martino刚联络老王，说展馆随时随地都有免费wifi供应，太好了！这样老王就可以图文并茂地实时发布微博了。
thank my wife n kids for making my 41st as fun as my 18th. Broadus family is the real deal! Love heals it all!!
感谢我的妻子和孩子们，他们把我的41岁生日变得像18岁一样有趣。Broadus家庭才是最重要的！爱可以治愈一切
stiletto implants? should this ever exist, I would prefer the more modest kitten-heel!
不过要是现实生活中真的存在这种手术的话, 我会更喜欢相对适度的低跟移植!
Need to buy some stylish Winter shoes, what kind are good?
需要买新的时尚冬天的鞋子，哪款好呢
Learning 7 of 9 about the characteristic of Happy people based on research: Happy people are deeply committed to lifelong goals and ambitions. Happy people know that life is a marathon, not a sprint. You must keep focused on the things that are important and your life long goals
基于研究，快乐的人的第七大特征：快乐的人一生充满抱负并且为自己一生的目标努力奋斗！快乐的人知道生活是场马拉松并不是百米冲刺。你必须要关注于重要的事情以及一生的目标
When my girlfriend doesn't want to go out on Friday night because she's too tired, I'm all like
当我的女朋友在星期五晚上不想出来，因为她太困了的时候，我就像这样
it's something to look forward to for the new year ladies!!!! I know I will be there ~
活动延迟到二月...合作场地因大家的踊跃关注而增加了！具体活动时间稍后通知各位
Stockholm, can't wait for tonight. The show sold out the Hovet, then moved to the Globe.  What an honour to be be here and play for you all.
Stockholm,等不及要开始今晚的表演了。演出门票全部售罄，演出场地从Hovet转移到了Globe, 能在这里为大家演出实在是太荣幸了。
This afternoon is the final for The Shanghai Masters Tennis tournament (430 pm CCTV 5).  It is one of the top 8 tennis tournaments in the World.  The Chief was very lucky to play on the Stadium Center court this morning where the final will be played this afternoon. Awesome!!
今天下午是网球大师赛上海站决赛（下午4:30 CCTV5），是世界八强争夺赛之一。老大很幸运，早上就在这体育中心网球场打了网球，下午的决赛就是在这场地上举行呢。太棒啦
For nearly a century talented youth have been migrating out of rural areas.
几乎一百年来,有才能的青年一直流出农村地区
I know it's a day late, but here is a bday video I got from Slash_Mexico yesterday. Really cool. Thank u. iiii]; )'
我知道迟了一天，但我还是发一下我昨天从Slash_Mexico那里得到的生日视频。视频真的很酷。谢谢。iiii]; )'
& #Zambia: Incredible places w dedicated local teams addressing health & agriculture issues.
埃塞俄比亚，赞比亚：难以相信的地方，具有献身精神的团队关注健康和农业问题，预告
John Stuart Mill wrote in his great 1859 essay On Liberty: “The liberty of the individual must be thus far limited; he must not make himself a nuisance to other people.
约翰·斯图亚特·密尔在《论自由》中写道：个人自由必须约制在这样一个界限上，就是必须不使自己成为他人的妨碍。
A great and divine tree,more than one thousand year old,it should be well protected by the locals in Suizhou,Hubei.
这棵樹很有生命力，很壯觀，聽說幾個人牽手才可以圍住它。隨州應該好好的保護这些古樹，也是一種旅遊的資源
Ricky Martin说：I want to go to your country with my next concert tour. Tell me.....Where are you from?City and country? #survey#
下次巡演我想去你们国家。告诉我……你来自哪里？哪个国家哪个城市？#调查#（4小时前
She wept when he ran down the gangplank; sobbed as he stood on the dock, waving.
他急步走下跳板,她哭个不停。他站在码头上挥手,她还在呜咽
Moreover, they know from experience that there are no easy and immediate solutions to the West’s debt overhang and structural impediments to growth.
此外，从经验中它们知道，对于西方债务宿醉和增长的结构性障碍，并不存在轻松速效的药方
In my own case I had thirty-four different jobs before I found the right one.Many of these jobs were heart-breakingly difficult.
就我个人情况而言，在找到合适的工作前我干过三十四种不同的工作，许多工作非常困难，让人伤透了心
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams in his heart.
只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。——巴里摩尔 丨摄影
I think one of the most important things to be a good Leader is to know yourself.  Be authentic.  Know what you like and don't like and what your real strengths and weaknesses are.  When you are honest with yourself you will be a better leader and also people will appreciate it!!
我认为成为一个好的领导的一大要点是要了解自己。真实面对自己。知道你喜欢什么和不喜欢什么，了解自己的长处和短处。当你能坦诚面对自己的时候，你能成为一个更好的领导，而人们也会很赞赏你
Thank you to everyone around the world supporting The Airplane Boys & Beau Monde Movement. We see you, and promise new music sooner than later. Love
谢谢全球每一位支持我们以及Beau Monde活动的朋友们。我们会和你们见面的，并承诺大家，尽早制作新音乐。爱你们
Someone told me that if I published the 21 photo in my library it's good luck.  Well, this is the photo.  Robert with his sister Meredith. Cute!!!!
有人告诉我如果我发布我相册里的第21张照片就会有好运气！好吧，就是这张照片。Robert和他的妹妹Meredith.真可爱
"Me, or someone else, we have another relationship.He is the type of manager who is more focused on the eleven that starts. He is not talking a lot to the others.
"/。“我和其他人与主教练之间是另一种关系。雷德克纳普很关心主力球员，但很少和其他人说话。”——巴松
Ricky Martin说：You can never make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
同样的错误绝不要犯两次。第二次犯错的时候，那就不再是错误，而是你主动的选择。（8小时前
The stock is up 43% so far this year and 30 times its price 7 years ago, on a split-adjusted basis.
今年迄今该股累计涨43%，在经拆股调整后基础上，其股价目前是7年前的30倍。
I hope SanFransisco is ready for the wrath that is Allison Burns and me!
希望旧金山的粉丝们已经准备好去看我和Allison Burns的火爆表演
Well, folks — the 'Nothing Big' Vinyl EP is now officially a collector's item
好了，朋友们-“没什么大不了的”唱片现在正式成了收藏品
Some footage from a couple days ago when we shot ShanDong TV's Big Heart. Man, give credit to the editor at this time still working hard, if you dont' rest neither will I!
前几天拍的@山东卫视纵横四海 在剪辑中，师傅我佩服你！在这个时间还在拼命的剪片子，你不休息我也不休息
Cosplay Show came on at Xujiahui, Shanghai. This time the actor was also Chief’s friend@草莓牛v  . The cow is more powerful than basketball superstar, space hero, and ancient celebrity! I think highly of you!
上海徐家汇模仿秀火热进行中，这次的主角还是老大的朋友@草莓牛v ，牛的气势丝毫不输篮球巨星，体能堪比航天英雄，架势胜过古今名将！老大看好你哦
Happy Singles Day? I"m single! Looking for my princess today, where are you?
光棍节快乐！我单身！今天在寻找我的公主，你在哪里呢
I'm sad I can't meet with my fans today in Shenyang because of the weather. I'm looking forward to meeting you tomorrow.
我很伤心今天因为天气无法去NBA Nation现场和球迷见面，我希望明天可以见到你们。
Charlemagne How much closer a union? The euro zone is moving closer t
发表了博文 《康志刚：欧元区向一个不确定的财政联盟靠拢
This guy is quite amazing.   He is an airline pilot but he has the world record for the deepest dive in the ocean without equipment.  He goes 250 meters below the surface.  Amazing!!!!
这伙计真的太了不起啦。他是个飞行员，却创造了一个在海中潜水滴世界记录，最深而且还无任何装备。潜入了250米哦，[吃惊] 太不可思议了
Standing next to real models sure does magnify my horrible posture.
站在模特旁边，真是无形中放大了我糟糕的姿势
Will convertibles come to the enterprise? Yes. As more employees participate in Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) programs, they are bound to start using convertibles at work. There are already 1,000+ convertibles being used inside Intel and that number will grow.
变形超极本会进入企业吗？我想是的。当越来越多的员工“自带设备”（BYOD）上班，他们必然会在工作时使用变形设备。在英特尔办公区，已有一千多台变形超极本正在使用中，这一数字还将不断攀升
#ILoveYou: if you have the opportunity/need to say it, don't be afraid and just say it. Don't keep things inside, life is too short... say it.
说：#我爱你#如果有机会说出这句话，不要害怕，大胆说出来。不要留下任何遗憾。人生很短暂…说吧。
Man goes into the noisy crowd to drown his own clamor of silence. (Rabindranath Tagore, Indian poet, 1861-1941)
人们走进喧哗的人群里，是为了淹没自己心里沉默的呐喊。(泰戈尔)
At the ice bar in Stockholm in ponchos from the future- Just ordered a reindeer cocktail
钻石正在Stockholm的一家冰吧里喝鸡尾酒[猥琐]钻石跑到瑞典去了?!
I wish a wonderful Valentine's Day to all my China fans!  I hope all my girls get what they want on this special day!
中国的粉丝们，祝你们七夕情人节快乐！我希望所有的女生在这特别的节日里都能心想事成
Boom. Now we're in Helsinki, Finland. Going to be a great show tomorrow! iiii]; )'
现在我们在芬兰赫尔辛基。明天一定会是场超棒的演出！iiii]; )
All 4 of my kids have different personalities.   One is very gentle, one is mischievous and curious, one is balanced and one is tough but sensitive.  William has the most magnetism.  He attracts people's attention in a very subtle way.  People say he will be famous.  Let's see.
我的4个孩子个性都不一样。一个很绅士，一个顽皮而又好奇心重，一个安静柔和，还有一个个性强硬而敏感。William最有吸引力，他总能以一种很微妙的方式吸引别人的注意。人们说他会出名，让我们看吧
Quotes of the Day】A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
美国人可以越过海洋去为民主作斗争，却连过条街去投个票都懒得去。（哈哈，太形象了，形象又幽默
Rolling! Excited, in a couple days going to Haerbin to shoot a drama, not sure if it's good luck to be killed? Hmmm...towards my acting career is good luck?
拍戏！激动！过几天要飞到哈尔滨拍戏，可是不知道是运气好或者不好,戏中会被枪杀掉。在戏中杀掉是对我演员生涯运气好吗
This is another Panoramic photo I took in Shanghai.   As I was taking the photo, an older man went out in the street and picked up his hat that he had dropped.  I did not even notice it. The photo captured it beautifully!!!
这是我在上海拍摄的另外一张全景照片。当我拍照的时候，一个老人走上了马路，捡起了他掉下的帽子，我都没来得及注意到，但是照片却完美的抓住了这一瞬间
Ricky Martin说：To trully forgive u will forGIVE - meaning,the more u GIVE to that person whom has hurt u the most,the more u will forGet and really forgive
真正原谅一个人你也会有所得——你给予伤害你最多的那个人更多谅解，那么你将会放下并且真正原谅他。（10小时前
Whenever you hand your credit or debit card to a salesperson or waiter, watch to see where your card is taken and what is done with it.
无论在你把你的信用卡或借记卡递给售货员还是服务员,留心看看他们把你的卡拿到哪里,并用它做什么
Such a great, elegant idea for holiday hair! Would you try this 'do?
这个节日发型超棒，超优雅的！你们会尝试这个发型么
I played my tennis coach Mike last Sunday.   It was a real battle.  He won the first set 7-5.   I won the second set 7-6.   Very painful but very fun.  Mike is a warrior!!!!
上周日我和网球教练Mike打了网球。这可是场真枪实战啊。第一轮，Mike以7比5胜出。第二轮，我以7比6在赢了他。比赛精彩激烈而且充满乐趣。Mike真是位勇士
Xiamen stone fair is coming now,it's a good exhibition in China.
廈門石材展馬上就要到了，今年的三八婦女節不用在外地過了。
wrote up a review of “The Rational Optimist” by Matt Ridley. Some notes here: http://sinaurl.cn/hbanrj
我写了一篇关于Matt Ridley文章《理性的乐观主义者》的评论。一些注释：http://sinaurl.cn/hbanrjI
Excited, the Canada Tourism Commissions Winter Wonderland Event video is finallly finished, everybody please take a look, I need your support!
兴奋，我上周主持的加拿大旅游局冬季运动会视频出来了，大家请看一下，我需要你们的支持
This guy has us sign his body every time he see's us ... then goes and gets it tattooed!
这个家伙每次碰到我们都让我们在他的身上签名...然后去把它纹在身上
The iPad 3 has started production.   So it should be ready for a January launch.  It's not to different from the current iPad 2, but the screen resolution is double.  It's a "retina display".  Cool!!   Will have to get one!!
3已经开始生产，明年1月应该可以发布。它和目前的iPad 2没什么很大区别，但是屏幕分辨率翻倍，使用"视网膜显示器"。真酷！我一定要去搞一个
Keep working! Sooner or later you will start to see some encouraging progress.
保持当前的工作势头！不用多久你就会看到事务的可喜进展
Building on the success of its Smart TVs with Google TV, LG Electronics (LG) is expanding its 2013 Google TV lineup to seven models in five screen sizes for
转发微博【LG扩大2013年Google TV产品阵容】将在下各月的拉斯维加斯国际消费电子产品展(CES)推出7款新机型
Want it. Expect it. Deserve it. The natural law of the universe.xoxo
想要得到，期望得到，值得拥有。这就是宇宙的自然法则。 爱你们
A thread in the ready queue is permitted to reacquire the lock.
就绪队列中的线程被允许重新获取锁。
Love this picture.  Can anyone guess what movie this is from?
很喜欢这张照片。有人能猜得出是出自哪部电影么
Hold out a little longer before asking for help. You can definitely deal with this!
在寻求援助之前自己再努力试试。你的能力一定能搞定这次困难的
Tyroneosaurus maybe u still can if they aren't sold out :)
Tyroneosaurus 如果还没售完的话，你还是有一定机会的哦！:)
It will be a very easy busy coming days. I enjoy it. Come on
!将是一轮轻松超忙的日子，我喜欢，加油！[太开心]
Private show  with Janelle  at Club Nokia w/ 71 others
和Janelle在Club Nokia为其他71人举办小型演出
Member states will put in place a framework for a far-reaching Secretariat and management reform, which must be followed up and implemented.
各成员国将要建立一个体制，进行意义广泛的秘书处改革与管理改革。必须有后续行动，贯彻落实。---中国同传口译网
He looked as if he had glued the rakish beard on to his solemn face.
他看上去就象是把流云般的胡须贴在他庄重的脸上一样
He became invalid as the result of ill health and lack of exercise.
他生病是健康情形不良又缺乏运动的结果。
Today is 201314 I don't understand, What does it mean? What should I do? Please tell me!
201314我不懂，今天是什么意思？我应该干什么呢？请告诉我
All signs are pointing to a fantastic new beginning for you and an old friend.
所有迹象都表明，你和你的老朋友将会有一段奇幻般的新的开始
Big thanks to Mens Health and Mr.Zhou for all the support. We look a little tired from the class I just taught,hope to see more people out next week!
感谢@男士健康 和周总的支持，我们比较疲劳因刚参加了”麦“老师的课。希望下周可以分享更多的CROSSFIT和P90X混合的课程,健康起来
The facility of this piece of music makes it a pleasure to play.
这首曲子容易弹奏，所以人们都乐于弹奏它。
A severe drought is attacking Suizhou region in Hubei province,a big harvest won't be coming this fall.
看來隨州金秋無收了。隨州乃農業大市，受重創，今年的即地皮肯定不行了
With an apology for my intrusion, I was about to withdraw.
我为自己的唐突表示歉意,我想退出。
British bank HSBC has agreed today to pay a record fine of 1.9 billion U.S. dollars to settle a U.S. money laundering probe.
转发微博为了与美国当局就洗钱案达成和解，汇丰控股今天宣布同意支付高达19.2亿美元的天价罚单。
If you had one wish and your wish could come true, what would you wish for?
居然有人的末世愿望是找到好工作！有没有搞错
Walk you way and never look back. That' one spirit of travel.
走自己的路，永不回头；旅行的意义之一。
This is my favorite dress I've designed and still waiting for the perfect thing to wear it to.  katvondclo
对katvondclo说，这是我自己设计的最喜欢的裙子，但仍在等待适合穿上它的完美场合
You may be slow by nature, but you're also quite responsive -- especially today.
你也许天生迟钝，但同时也相当敏感——尤其是今天。
The right to survival; to develop to the fullest; to protection from harmful influences, abuse and exploitation; and to participate fully in family, cultural and social life.
转发微博。六一重温儿童基本人权：生存权；充分发展权；免受有害影响、虐待和剥削权；充分参与家庭、文化和社会生活权。
According to a latest survey of 40 key tourist cities by tourist guide site TripAdvisor, the taxi services in Tokyo, Singapore and Dubai are considered the best.
转发微博全球最大的旅游社TripAdvisor发布的一项对世界40个重点旅游城市的调查显示，东京、新加坡和迪拜的出租车服务是最好的
THAT was an intense night/show in Montreal. Insanely rabid crowd.  Enough said. Cheers!   iiii]; )'
蒙特利尔的那场演唱会太精彩了。观众太疯狂了。无需多说了。谢谢你们！iiii]; )
Who can say PC is no longer important? In a survey across 14 countries, 66% of college students said a PC was “Most Important” in their daily life. PC is just like staple foods. Without rice or bread, you will be in short of energy.
谁能说电脑不重要了？一项覆盖14个国家的调查表明，世界上三分之二的大学生认为，PC是他们日常生活中最重要的数码设备。去掉电脑，就像你每天的正餐不吃主食，做许多事情都会感到乏力。
When God closes a door, He opens a window. The end is only just the beginning!
上帝關上一扇門的时,一定也會打開一窗口。結束就是另一個開始
To man time is given like a piece of land, as it were, entrusted to him for faithful tilling;a space in which to strive incessantly,achieve self-realization, move onward and upward.
对人来说,时间就像是给他辛勤耕种的一块土地,一个让他能通过不懈的努力,实现自我价值,向前向上发展的空间.
The secret to a good mood is to convert one's concerns.
使自己的生活重心发生转移是保持良好心态的秘诀。
It's time to think about everything RE: Halloween. Contribute to the collab and be part of our show in NYC
是时候考虑所有万圣节的议题了。加入我们的合作项目，为NYC演出出力
Fell asleep for 5 mns, woke in a panic thinking i was late. Took a shower, packed & they told me the show is 2morrow. Road life. iiii]; )'
睡了5分钟，突然惊醒，想着自己要迟到了。洗了个澡，打包好行李，他们告诉我演出是在明天。巡演生活。iiii]; )
We're thinking we could release the first song off our new mix tape BraveNewWorld tonight. Thoughts?
我们在考虑今晚发布最新混音专辑BraveNewWorld 的第一首歌。你们觉得如何
'There Will Be Blood' has had a profound impact on Williamsburg fashions.
电影《血色将至》对威廉斯堡时尚影响深远。
I love being able to share what I think and love as a guest editor for iVillage check it out this week!
我喜欢和大家分享我的想法，也很享受在iVillage担任客座编辑，这周快来看吧
Being able to admit fault is an underrated leadership quality. It doesn't make you weak or indecisive. It makes you HUMAN.
能够承认错误是一种被低估的领导者品质。它并不会使你变得软弱或优柔寡断。相反，它会让你充满人情味。
Import restraints are equivalent to a sales tax and often apply to necessities.
进口限制相当于销售税,而且往往是针对必需品。
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me. --- 想学好英语，果断关注UNSV.COM
中英双语妙句】老实说，我没有时间去恨那些恨我的人，因为我要忙着爱那些爱我的人。
behalf of the American people, I express my deepest condolences to the families of the victims.
我代表美国人民向遇难者家属表示最深切的慰唁。吊唁全文
Today is my daughter Meredith's birthday. She is 10. As I mentioned before, all of my four kids have their birth day's on the 14th day of a month. Her's is on March 14. I am at a business meeting in Hong Kong, so I could only FaceTime her today. She showed me her new doll. Cute!!
今天是我的女儿Meredith的生日。她10岁啦。正如我以前提到的，我的四个孩子的生日都在月份的十四日。她是3月14日。我在香港开会，所以今天只可以和她视频电话啦。她把她的新娃娃拿给我看。真可爱
You can create a big change today -- make that phone call you've been putting off.
今天你可以有所建树，只要拨出那个从前被推迟的电话
My father has lived amidst human sin and misery without believing in them.
我父亲生活在人类的罪恶和痛苦之中,而他自己还不相信
Before leaving China I read of 3 women in bloodied wedding dresses on a busy street in Beijing on Valentine's Day raising awareness of domestic violence. Sadly some people in our countries are threatened by physical abuse. No one should live in this kind of fear.
离开中国之前，我看到一则消息，情人节当天三位女性穿着带血的婚纱在北京的闹市提醒人们关注家庭暴力。可悲的是在我们的国家一些人仍遭受身体虐待的威胁。没有人应当生活在这种恐惧之中。
Check it out! My pal NOTAR just dropped his killer new joint "Crown". Listen to it here: http://t.cn/zWEBo76
快来看看！我的好友NOTAR刚推出他的最新单曲"Crown"。来这试听吧：http://t.cn/zWEBo7X
To kingcomix come to the hoxton on the 22nd, we'll be playing new songs.
对kingcomix说，22号来豪斯顿酒店吧，我们会演唱我们的新歌哦。
The works of Shakespeare and Wordsworth are “rocket-boosters” to the brain, researchers said.
转发微博研究：阅读古典书籍，如莎士比亚与华兹华斯的作品好比大脑的“火箭助推器
Vancouver papz are fast! That was just a few hours ago... Jesus.
温哥华的记者速度太快了！只过了几个小时... 天哪
The countdown begins! And we'd like to invite you to participate in our world baby shower joining efforts with UNICEF. http://t.cn/zjen3PG Shak
倒计时开始了！我们想要邀请你们参加我们和联合国儿童基金会一起举办的全球婴儿洗礼活动。Shak
Waves churning in the storm; so angry it made my stomach churn.
风暴中波涛翻腾;愤怒得胃疼常用词组。
Happy Halloween everybody! I hope you're dressed up and having fun!
大家万圣节快乐！我希望你们已经装扮好而且玩得开心
I have a friend that says "I am not racist, I hate  on everyone equally"
我有个朋友说 “不能说我是种族主义者，我是非常平等的讨厌所有的人
His condition is critical; we have to look after him by toms.
他的病情极为严重,我们得轮流看护他。
China is a major supplier of weapons to Sudan and its biggest purchaser of oil.
中国是苏丹武器的主要供应商以及最大的石油购买国。
"Dance. Even if you have nowhere to do it but your own living room"♬ #NP# #EverybodyisFREE#
说："跳舞吧。即使你只能在自家客厅里跳♬#正在播放# #每个人都可以自由享受#
It's dinner time in Hong Kong... What is everyone eating tonight?
又到吃飯時候... 今晚大家在吃什么晚飯呢?
After unsuccessfully applying for countless positions, Adam Pacitti, a 24-year-old British graduate, spent his last £500 on a billboard asking employers to give him a job.
转发微博#潮闻天下#英国24岁毕业生Adam Pacitti申请无数职位无果，拿出最后500英镑制作求职广告牌，希望有雇主提供工作。
I love seeing my fam on the big screen during my concert!  ;-)
我超爱在我的演唱会上的看到我的粉丝出现在大屏幕上！;-)
Mum or dad, of course, provide a regular supply of pocket money, but uncles and aunts are always a source of extra income.
爸爸妈妈当然经常给孩子零花钱，但是，叔舅婶姨也是孩子们额外收入来源。
A perfect routine should be awarded a score of 10.00 with the added bonus points.
一套完美的体操动作加上奖励分可获得10分的满分。
She was a role model for me during my days as a Mousketeer.
在我做为Mousketeer期间，她一直是我的榜样。
Death toll in Argentina train crash rise to 11, at least 228 injured
阿根廷撞车事故死亡人数升至11人，至少228人受伤
For a whole month The Chief has had 8 kids in the house.  My 4 kids plus 4 of my nephews and nieces.  It has been so busy but also so much fun.  I was able to make this one photo of the 8 kids look like a painting.  So cool!!!!
整整一个月老大家里有8个孩子。我的4个孩子和我侄子和侄女的4个。很忙但是很有乐趣。看我制作的这8个孩子的集体照像一张油画一样。真赞
there such a thing as domestic bliss? Don't aim for perfection. It doesn't exist.
家庭之内哪有极乐？不要指望完美，那是不存在的。
Our time is tied by our memories; our memories are torn off by the time.
回忆绑住了我们的时间，时间扯断了我们的回忆。
Who doesn't love a good lookin' Canadian Tuxedo? One of my favorite looks! :)
谁不爱一身好看的加拿大燕尾服？它是我最喜欢的打扮之一！:)
That is 1 long flight  from LA to Aukland man. 1st time here in a long time though. It's going to be kick ass, mark my words. iiii]; )'
从LA到Aukland的飞行时间真的好久，第一次来这里已经是很久以前了。这次行程一定会很棒的，记住我说的话。iiii]; )
It's called the American dream , because you have to be asleep to believe it " George Carlin - "
美国梦之所以叫美国梦，是因为你必须睡着了才能相信它" 乔治·卡林
were not the ones that planners in Beijing chose to support.
并不是中国政府规划部门想要支持的企业。
I’m ready for something to happen. Not sure what yet but I’d like it to be something really good.
有些事情将要发生了，我已经做好了准备。虽然还不确定是什么，但是我希望是好事。
This is Liu Xiang. He is a legend. He is the Olympic Gold medalist and World Champion in the 110 meter hurdle. He is as fast as a Cheetah and has a heart of Gold. He is very focused on being the best he can be, and still has time to help others. The Chief and Coca-Cola love him!!
这是刘翔。他是一个传奇。他是110米栏奥运会金牌得主和世界冠军。他跑得和猎豹一样飞快，并有一颗金子般的心。他非常专注于如何让自己做的最好而且还抽时间帮助他人。老大和可口可乐爱他
Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years,I'll love you for a thousand more.
亲爱的不要担心我爱过你,爱过你一千年,我还会再爱你一千年.
LeftFoot crooksncastles RT MTV: Now you can get your socks from BigBoi
转发：现在你们可以从BigBoi那儿买到袜子了
Court delays hearing racism suit against Nasdaq filed by Chinese firm
美法院延迟审理中国公司起诉纳斯达克的案件
Ricky Martin说：A shot of http://t.cn/zjLTUTh a day keeps the doctor away. I drink it every day. Have you tried it? What u think?
每天一顿小麦草让你从此远离医生。我每天都会喝。你试过了吗？觉得怎么样？（14小时前
The ones that love us never really leave us. You can always find them in your heart.
深爱我们的人从来未曾远去。他们就住在我们心里。[月亮]晚安，朋友们
I took this amazing photo while landing in Shanghai this morning.  It shows the top of The Pearl Tower and The Shanghai World Financial Center buildings (the top of Financial Center looks like a bottle opener).  The way the buildings come though the clouds is amazing!!
早晨飞机即将着陆的时候，我拍了这张异常美丽的照片。可以看见东方明珠的顶端和上海国金中心的顶部（国金中心顶部像个开瓶器）。这直入云霄的建筑物真是叹为观止呀
You are more than welcome to calculate how much you can save with our "One Hour Bus Ticket".
欢迎各位计算在我们的“一小时公交车免费换乘”计划下，您将节约的交通费用。
..oh how cute .. the nail polishes are in the windows! I love having my nails done but only after a hand massage with some almond oil and a few drips of bergamot and benzoin.
太可爱了……指甲油们都放在窗户上！我只喜欢在做完包含杏仁油、几滴佛手柑精油和安息香的手部护理以后做指甲。
My Dad asked me to sing an play piano for him tonight. Quality father-daughter time.
我爸爸让我今晚用钢琴为他弹唱一曲。绝对的父女快乐时光。
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, burned, and broken, but it still works.
我为自己的心感到骄傲，它曾受玩弄，曾经心焦，曾遭破碎，却依然鲜活跳动。
My father let me sign on with the two-masted whaling schooner Pearl Nelson.
父亲让我与一艘叫波儿-尼尔森的双桅捕鲸船签了约。
to relax China’s family planning policy have reached a milestone. Henan, the country’s most populous province, has fallen into line with the rest of the mainland by allowing couples a second child if both parents are only children. 视频及原文 http://t.cn/S4LU1l
近日，我国第一人口大省河南计划生育政策调整，“双独”（夫妻双方都是独生子女的）家庭经批准可以生二胎，至此我国除台港澳外，所有省份实施了此政策。如果你是独生子女，你会生第二胎吗？来参与投票：http://t.cn/S4LU1lEfforts
An online survey among over 1.8 million Chinese Netizens shows that the top ten pet phrases used by Chinese people focus on expressing disappointment and doubt.
Bummer! [嘻嘻]//@英语警察:Whatever~[偷笑]一项180余万中国网友参与的网络调查显示，国人十大口头禅集中于表达失望与质疑。
Today may not be a very easy day, but a good, honest struggle never hurt anyone.
今天或许不那么顺利，但是一次充满真诚的斗争并不会伤害任何人。
J.K. 罗琳要出新书！她在Twitter上说: "As you may have heard, I have a new book out later this year. Very different to Harry, although I’ve enjoyed writing it every bit as much.
" 你们或已经听说，我年底会出一本新书。虽然我很享受创作哈利波特的点点滴滴，但这本新书跟哈利波特完全不同。
The refugee crisis worsened yesterday, with hundreds seeking asylum in foreign embassies in the capital.
难民危机昨天更趋严重,成百上千的人到首都的外国使馆寻求庇护
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. Albert Einstein
爱因斯坦：常识就是18岁之前形成的各种偏见的集合。
Then he saw a big man in a workman's cap and a mackinaw limping slowly toward him.
这时,他看见一个大个子,戴着工人帽,穿着粗布衣服,一步一拐,慢慢地向他走来
If social stability is policymakers’ overarching aim – and it is – a slowdown is more than just desirable.
如果说维持社会稳定是政策制定者的首要目标——事实也正是如此——那么楼市减速就不仅仅只是可取而已。
Interviews @Michael-Kors “I'm an energized bunny. Fashion is a long distance run. You've got to know how to pace yourself.
时尚，就是一场长距离的赛跑，而我，恰好是一只充满活力的兔子。对于时尚，你要知道怎么调整自己的步伐
We drink another bottle and talk about Billy Wilder and smoke something that looked like a blender, and I think I passed out at some point
我们又喝了一瓶，聊起了比利·怀尔德，抽了点儿长得像搅拌器的东西。我好像不知什么时候就晕过去了
37 suspects involved in violent crimes in Angola sent back to China
37名侵害中国公民暴力犯罪嫌犯被押解回国
In the picture is my brother, my third nephew and myself， my brother's home is so gorgeous, have you seen this type of  scenary before?
照片里有我哥哥，老三(侄子)和自己，哥哥的家实在太完美了，你们看过这种风景吗
I felt awesome on stage! We really enjoyed tonight! Shak Baku
在舞台上我感觉棒极了！我们真的很享受今晚！Shak Baku
I don't think China will win the war on the ocean either,our navy is too weak,USA supports Japan,no nation can challendges them,using more time to learn English,you can go overseas when our country falls down,that day is not far ahead. No people think this country has a future.
有人说中日再开展，必将是中日甲午海战的重演。不管你信不信，反正我是信了，中国海上不及日本，再加上美国在后面推着，还有就是头头们每天知道捞钱捞权，早忘记国家的强大，人民的幸福，就算再加上两艘航母也难已克敌
We're down to the Top 8 on The Voice tonight. ShakHQ
今晚是《美国之声》8强之争了。
The Chief swam to another island withy sons.  It took 2 hours.   Can you see us?   Just blow up the photo and you will see three small bodies in that big sea of water!!!!!!
老大和儿子们游到另一个岛上。花了2个小时。你们可以看见我们吗？把照片放大，你们就可以看见在茫茫大海里的三个很小的身影啦
My parents' 50 anniversary on Dec 24 and the 4 sisters are planning a big party in CA--Chinese banquet!
十二月二十四号是我父母结婚五十周年纪念日。我们姐妹四个计划要在加州开一个大party—中国盛宴
In any crowd today, you'll be able to draw people to you in a supportive way.
今天，在任何一个人群中，你都能获得别人的支持和鼓励。
He dreaded being seen by them, I think, as an informer.
我觉得他是担心被他们视为告密者。
Senior German climber rescued alive after trapped for one week in glacier
岁德国老大爷被困雪山一周奇迹生还——下班以后去恶补下自救求生知识
I had an intuition, I think he is in the heart of sadness.
我有一种直觉，我觉得他心里有股淡淡的哀伤。
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has called Shakespeare "one of the greatest writers who ever lived", and we are proud here in the UK to celebrate his life & works.
中国总理温家宝认为莎士比亚是＂有史以来最伟大的作家之一＂，我们英国人对庆祝他的生活以及文品而感到非常自豪
Many think we love reading in the subway!!! That’s because cell phone signals are not available!!! am I right???
好多人以为我们喜欢在地铁里看书!!!那是因为地铁里木有信号啊!!! 有木有？有木有
have a lot of energy -- channel it into untangling a knotty personal problem.
今天你精力充沛——把这些精力用来解决棘手的个人问题吧。
Uncle ruckus. lets raise that 200k. $$$. So we can c the movie. - ruckus
大叔，让我们一起筹集到二十万美金吧。然后我们就能去看电影了。
Hello shanghai . They call me by my first name when I come through immigration at Pu Dong now! Here a lot!
你好，上海。当我走过浦东机场的出入境关口的时候，他们喊我的名字，常来这儿
If there is one food item that I miss about Vancouver, it's beet. I am having a craving for cottage cheese on beet right now.
如果温哥华有一样我想念的食物，那就是甜菜根。现在想吃白干酪拌甜菜根。
Once in a while a great opportunity like this one arrives. We are thrilled to be on Weibo!
像这样的好运有时会降临。我们非常开心能在微博上和大家互动
The more vigorously Roosevelt asserted leadership, the more successes he won.
罗斯福愈是有力地坚持领导权,获得的成功就愈多
Denver we out here !! 1st ever green carpet premiere of reincarnated
丹佛我们来了！！第一次reincarnated的绿毯首映
God cannot alter the past; That is why he is obliged to connive at the existence of historian.
神不能改变过去;惟其如是,他就不能不对历史家的存在一只眼开一只眼闭了。
Wow, being at the Celebrity Theater in Phoenix brings back some VERY colorful memories. Some good, some not so good. iiii]; )' - WOW
身处凤凰城的名人剧院，让我回想起许多美好的画面。有好的，也有不好的记忆。iiii]; )
This application runs on Windows Vista and emulates a SideShow hardware device.
此应用程序在WindowsVista上运行,它模拟一个SideShow硬件设备。
Men in Black 3 is worth seeing , non believers check out my expression!
黑衣人三值得去看，不信的朋友看我表情就知道!
What do you say to a person when they tell you you have had enough?
当某人告诉你你拥有的足够多了，你会对他们说什么呢
This friend of mine Arto who runs BBH agency in China left his glasses on the table when he went to the restroom.  So the Chief tried his glasses on and made this photo.  Very stately!!!!    But I think The Chief will stay with no glasses in the future!!
我的一个朋友，Arto,在BBH中国公司工作，去洗手间的时候把他的眼镜留在桌子上了。老大拿起来戴上啦还拍了张照，看上去很威严的。但是我觉得老大以后还是保持不戴眼镜的形象比较好呢
We'd get a discount if we paid before the fifteenth of the month.
如果我们在当月十五号前付款,就享有折扣
We spent a few days in Wyoming, doing things we usually never do -- hiking,mountain climbing, and water rafting - terrifying for me but wildly fun for everyone else!
我们去了怀俄明州，尝试了一些我们平时根本就不会去做的活动---远足,爬山还有漂流—我给吓坏了，可是其他人都玩得很开心
Melbourne crowd was insane tonight. Crazy energy! Great playing w/Rose Tattoo. My ears r ringing. iiii]; D'
Melbourne的粉丝们今晚真是太疯狂了，热情高涨呀！和Rose Tattoo的合作很愉快。我到现在还在耳鸣呢。iiii];
It did not operate to diminish the anti-Negro passions of the southern masses.
它没有起到减少南部群众反对黑人情绪的作用。
Australia holds rates as expected, but more easing may be on the way
澳大利亚一如预期保持利率，但或许已在宽松的路上
There are many flirtatious comments floating around you today -- enjoy them all!
今天你会从身边听到许多充满情趣的评价。可以好好鉴赏一番
What do you think of Facebook moving into legal gambling as a way to enhance revenues?
对于Facebook以开放合法赌博平台来增加利润的方式，你有什么看法
The ladies again skipped and danced and bounced on their toes.
女士们再度以她们的趾尖轻跳、舞蹈、弹跳
As a teenager Morris had an account on the Bell Labs'computer network, where early hacking forays gave him super-user status.
如一个青少年莫理斯舞有了铃中心的计算机网络上的一个帐户,在早的砍劈攻击给予他冗员-使用者状态的地方
Ok guys its VOTING time again!Please help me, help Tramell and Monica win their dream wedding! http://t.cn/zYzqRqQ Look how cute they are!
又到了投票的时刻，帮帮我，帮Tramell和Monica赢取一个他们的梦幻婚礼！ 他们看上去真般配
i smell like french fries. and guess what..? i ain't mad at it.
我闻起来像法式炸薯条。猜猜怎么着..？我对此一点也不生气。
sometimes you forgive people, just because you still want them to be/remain in your life.
有时候，你原谅别人，只是因为你还想把他们留在你的生活里。
40 French entrepreneurs in Southeast Asia (英文), book written by French journalist and translated by me.
40位法国创业者在东南亚洲（英文），一本法国记者写的书，被我翻译
Items with skill-charging effects will no longer give synergy bonuses to skills when equipped on a character without those skills.
当带有技能充能作用的物品装备于没有这项技能的角色身上的时候,它将不能产生技能
Anyone want to go running in a bit? We could meet between 22:30-11 at the Chaoyang park south gate, anyone up for it?
一会儿有没有人想跑步？ 我们可以22:30-23点在朝阳公园南门集合，有没有
Web browsing using mobile devices has achieved a new milestone as it now accounts for more than 10 percent of all internet surfing. According to IDC, China will overtake the US as the World’s largest smartphone market this year. Speaking of opportunity
现在超过10%的网上冲浪是在移动设备上进行的，这使得采用移动设备浏览网页已经迈入一个崭新的阶段。IDC预计，中国将在今年超越美国成为全球最大的智能手机市场。机遇不言而喻吧
Stop LVMH and other biggies from "hostile takeovers" of little independent brands, especially Hermes by LVMH!!!
停止路威酩轩及其他大品牌对独立小品牌的"恶意收购"吧, 尤其是路威酩轩对爱马仕的收购!!!
Beijing will offer a 72-hour visa-free stay for foreigners from 45 countries. CNC
转发微博北京将从2013年起对45个国家游客实行72小时过境免签政策。
I will be out of the office from…until… Whilst I am away I will be checking emails but please keep it to matters that are urgent.
我将休假… …回来。休假期间我会收看电邮，但请尽量有急事时才给邮件为佳。（收看邮件
By the same token, reduced military budgets would force the government to curtail its foreign involvement.
根据同样理由,削减军事预算就可以迫使政府减少其在国外的卷入
Chinese government officials and company leaders have accused the US of politicizing trade issues to distract public attention from its own economic woes.
中国政府官员及有关公司领导近日纷纷谴责美国试图通过政治化贸易问题来转移民众对其国内经济问题的关注
I like to read books to clear my mind. How do you all keep your minds off stress?
我喜欢看书来整理我的思绪。你们是怎样为思想减压的呢
Designed by Aleksander Mukomelov, this cell phone comes with a large touchscreen, that is located inside the phone in the collapsed state.
这款手机出自设计师Aleksander Mukimelov之手，它携带一个大尺寸触屏，而这个触屏可以卷曲在手机体内。
A small place is OK, but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive.
小点的房子就行，但是如果不贵的话，我们也可以找个大一点的。
didn't stretch properly before or after my 5 miles run so now can't walk.
因为五英里跑的前后没有适当的拉伸，现在都无法走路了
People are drawn to your energy and are trying to figure out what makes you tick today.
人们对你的旺盛精力非常好奇，他们今天会试图寻找你之所以不知疲倦的原因
Not only chairmanships but other political prizes and considerations usually are allotted on the basis of longest service in Congress.
不仅委员会主席的职位,还有其他政治上的好处与方便通常也是分配给在国会服务最久的人
Ricky Martin说：Ok gang, please google "completely wrong" and then click on images.
好的吧，大家请用Google搜索一下“完全错误”，然后点击出现的图片。（17小时前
THE CONNECTION is out TODAY!  Pick it up at iTunes, share this with your friends and let us know what you think!
今天‘THE CONNECTION’正式发行了！快去iTunes购买，并和朋友们一起分享这个好消息，告诉我们你们的想法
I wonder why Weibo stop us from posting comments for a few days? We still can in the group area.
我想知道为什么微博阻止我们张贴评论几天？我们仍然可以在集团的区域。
Leaving for Asia tomorrow, hopefully this storm doesn't get in the way.
明天要出发去亚洲，希望暴风雨不会阻碍我。
The World Cup was a huge frustration because I had prepared really hard for it. But in the World Cup there is no formula, no recipe for success. - Kaka
世界杯是一个巨大的挫折，因为我真的是为此艰苦准备了。但是在世界杯赛场上，对于成功是没有公式和处方可言的。”——卡卡（国际足球巨星
I had a great audition today, hope everyone had a good Wednesday too!
今天試鏡很順利！希望大家的星期三都過得快快樂樂
chinese was the lucky fan who got the playful kiss card.
幸运的中国粉丝抽到了《恶作剧之吻》的海报
kind of guys give thelame pick-up lines,usually women don't try to hit on them like that and just blow these guys off.
这就是老套的搭讪方法啦，不过非饥渴的女人一般对这种艳遇都不敢兴趣，所以就会委婉的轰走他们
something he has never done before. His was a theatrical bow, throwing his arms high into the air before almost touching the turf. He did it twice.
曼联战胜切尔西赛后，弗格森走到看台前，史无前例地向球迷深鞠躬（双手高举后向下几乎触到草皮）——而且连续两次。
Had so much fun at the voice tonight! Wishing all 3 of you tons of happiness and success!
今晚在《美国之声》玩得很开心！祝你们三位决赛选手事业成功，天天快乐
@歪妹_Blue: lol yes. many tried it and think it's the worst guitar ever ha
@歪妹_Blue:看到那把吉他的边缘就知道弹吉他的人是谁了
I know Jane. She is my co-worker. She is a very charming girl.
我认识珍妮，她是我的同事，她是一个非常迷人的女孩。
Thanks Revecen for inviting me to the event, and for the gifts and food, nice gathering!
谢谢Revecen化妆品的邀请，又有产品又请吃饭，太感谢啦
There have been several inappropriate comments being made on my twitter and my friends twitter accounts. Please stop making such comments,or I will be forced to shut down my twitter account. Thank you.
翻译：一些不恰当旳评论出现在我和朋友旳twitter上.请不要再写这样旳评论了，否则的话我将会被迫关闭我的twitter。谢谢。【110411】原文
Global#It is said that Siurana has over ten thousand routes for climbing, which makes it the holy place for all top climbing athletes.
传说中的攀岩胜地修拉那有上万条攀岩线路，是世界顶尖运动员的天然竞技场和苦修之所。
He debated buying a new car, but didn't in the end.
他思量很久是否买辆新汽车,但最后还是没买。
Left a few weeks,the singing competition's getting nearer~~Can everyone suggest some good chinese songs?
还有几个星期就是歌唱比赛了~~大家有什么好的建议华语（中文）歌曲呢
Hahahaa! RT NemoRatedR: the dentist tried to keep me as a pet fish but i escaped. SWERVE
哈哈哈！转自NemoRatedR：牙医试图把我当作一个宠物鱼来看病，但我逃脱了。
China, what was your favorite gift that you gave this holiday season?
中国的粉丝们，在这个节日假期里，你们获得的最爱的礼物是什么呢
best vege lasagna I've had! Shg vege club event today at Kechara tea house/ cafe.
今天参加了上海素食俱乐部活动在Kechara 咖啡馆吃。
You stay away from a person who is you really care sometimes, cause you know it indeed and clearly that she is not belongs to you ever.
有时候，你选择与某人保持距离，不是因为不在乎，而是因为你清楚的知道，她不属于你.
My life does not lend itself to any of those suggestions.
我的生活不适合上述任何一条建议。
Opened my eyes to a new world！ Just borrowed my friend’s cycling bike, riding this i can finally unleash my power, fast yo
打开眼界了！借到我朋友的cycling自行车（中文怎么讲呢?），骑这个感觉可以发出自己的力量，好快啊。 明天和朋友去山里骑
Applicants for the job must submit their resumes within a week.
申请工作者必须在一个星期内呈上个人简历。
This is my new Under Armour Coldblack shirt.  Normal dark color shirts get very hot as they absorb the sun rays and heat.  This shirt has a technology which reflects sum rays and heat.  So I keep cooler while I work out. That's good.  I like being cool. Ha ha!!!
这是我新的under Armour的短袖体恤。一般穿黑色会很热，因为吸热。这件体恤有特殊技术含量会反射热量噢。所以我锻炼的时候穿着还是很凉爽的。这很好！我喜欢凉爽！哈哈
New cat tree! Got more space for hide and seek, wee
耶！新的猫树！有更多地方玩捉迷藏了
Celebrate what is sure to be a good day by getting out and connecting with people.
如果你肯外出并与人结交，那今天就是一个值得庆祝的好日子。
Invented my own dish, this is called "Health has arrived". Guess what ingredients?
自己发明的菜，这个叫“康起来咯”。猜有什么成分呢
Finally low air pollution, can see the scenery from my place!
空气污染少终于可以看到周围的风景了！[照相机]
At last they turned into their little bunks in the cart.
最后他们都钻进车内的小卧铺里。
Fathers can give their sons an inheritance of houses and wealth, but only the Lord can give an understanding wife.(proverbs 19:14)
情人節金句: 房屋钱财是祖宗所遗留的，唯有贤惠的妻子是耶和华所赐的。(箴言19:14)
To Murder_Ma66ot1: I write that in the beginning of every journal.  - To Murder
_Ma66ot1: 每开始写一本随笔的时候，我都会写下那段话。
Gonna go thru as much fan mail tonight and post a few photos from tonigt before crashing. :)
今晚会尽可能地多看一些粉丝邮件，争取在系统崩溃前发布一些新照片吧。
When you design your tables, it helps to understand the tradeoffs of using variable length columns versus fixed length columns.
在设计表时,了解使用可变长度列和使用固定长度列各有哪些利弊是非常有用的
Mindy Gilbert You have every right to be offended by my light hearted joke. And I have every right to think that you completely overreacted.
对Mindy Gilbert说，你完全有理由为我随意的笑话感到生气，而我也完全有理由认为你小题大做了
Japan's current account stays in surplus in June due to lower oil prices
由于油价较低，日本的六月份经常账户保持盈余
Everyone involved in servicing batteries at that time vigorously opposed the "buried connections".
那时维护蓄电池的每个人都强烈反对这种“隐藏式的连接”。
for the authority you need to do what you want to do today. You will get it.
如果你想做什么事情，今天应该去要求做事的权限。你会成功的
Ricky Martin回复come_il_mare：Did the doctor have to saw and extract a piece from your jaw bone to get it out? Mine had to... It sucks! (YES, Not cool)
是不是医生得把你的颚骨锯掉一小块才能把智齿取出来？我的是这样……糟糕透了。（是的，一点也不好玩）（2小时前
Toys to stimulate Milan, all home made, with celophan paper, foils and wool! Shak
用来培养Milan兴趣的玩具，都是手工制作，材料是玻璃纸、金箔和羊毛！Shak
Looking forward to a crazy show in the Windy City tomorrow at the Riviera. Lots of friends in Chicago. iiii]; )'
超期待明天在风之城（芝加哥的别称）Riviera剧院的演出。我们有好多朋友在芝加哥哦。iiii]; )'
Three things in life when gone will never come back: time, opportunity, and word.
人生有三樣東西不可挽回：時間，機遇，以及說出去的話
If the Chinese weren’t significant buyers I’d be shorting right now,” said a hedge-fund manager with a major position in gold and silver.
一位拥有大额黄金和白银的对冲基金经理说，”要是中国人没有大举买进，那我马上就会做空
It's safe to say that the last couple nights were the most fun I've had playing London. & I've had some pretty amazing times playing London.
我很有把握地说，过去几个晚上是我在伦敦表演期间最有趣的，而且我也玩得很开心。
Musical activity throughout life may serve as a challenging cognitive exercise, making your brain fitter and more capable of accommodating the challenges of ageing.
不断使用乐器可看成是锻炼大脑认知能力的活动，音乐可以使人的脑部更适应于外界的变化，有助于应对大脑老化的挑战
We want to instill confidence through individual consultation, total flexibility and reliable service.
我们希望通过个人咨询、总体的灵活性能和可靠的服务建立起客户的信任
Love my ladies more than anything! Thanks for the Birthday lunch!
爱我的闺蜜们胜过一切！谢谢你们和我共进生日午宴
So many different choices! What do you think I should wear tonight?
好多不同的选择啊！你们觉得我今晚应该穿哪一双
The naval air squadron set to France was soon in the thick of the flight.
派到法国的海军航空中队的飞行却日趋频繁。
Who is left who wounds, stabbing pain of the past simple.
谁留下谁的伤痕，刺痛了昔日的单纯
The failing health of your dear minister has for some time past engaged the anxious attention of the congregation.
你们亲爱的牧师健康情况日益恶化,在过去一段时期内引起了大家的焦虑和关切
The authors conclude the paper by recommending hide areas of 100% humidity be available to tortoises at all times.
作者在文章最后建议为龟龟搭建一个有100%潮湿度的龟洞,而且要自始自终
Of the world's 20 self-made women millionaires who have a personal fortune of $1b, 11 are in China.
全球20位拥有10亿美金的白手起家的女富豪中，有11位来自中国。
We have to scrimp and save if we want to buy a decent house in that area
要想在那个地区买幢像样的房子，我们就必须省吃俭用
I got really hot in my pants, so I took them off. But they must have shrunk from the sweat, or my legs expanded from the heat. I can’t get them back on!
这条裤 子太热，于是我就把它脱了。没想到的是，要么是因为出汗以后裤子缩水了，要么是我的腿受热膨胀了。我再也穿不回去了
The issuing bank will sell the banker's acceptance in the market and remit the funds to the beneficiary.
开证行将在市场上售出银行承兑汇票,而后把这笔款汇付给受益人。
Analysts attribute the success of these brands to several factors. They say they have a stronger handle on consumer trends – several of these are global including healthier diets and a desire for novelty.
分析师将这些品牌的成功归结于若干因素。他们称，本土品牌对消费趋势的把握更准，而这当中的很多趋势，包括更为健康的膳食结构和对新奇产品的渴求都是全球性的
The candle at a laguna bar was tryna compete with the kid
拉古纳酒吧里的蜡烛试图与我“比美
Sour gummy coke bottles might be my favorite candy ever....yep. Favorite candy ever.
可乐味的酸味软糖也许是我最喜欢的糖果了....是的。我喜欢的糖果
Ricky Martin说：At least where we live everything is in order. Sending good vibes to everyone affected by the storm. #SandyGOAWAY
至少我们住的地方还一切正常。给每个受到风暴影响的人们打打气。Sandy快走吧（2小时前
The youth expects to force his way by genius, vigour, and precipitance.
年青人希望凭借才能,魄力和锐气,强行开辟自己的道路
Multi tasking! Getting a good stretch while I work on music!
一心多用！边创作音乐，边舒展下身体
The pictures radioed back by spacecraft that have orbited and landed on Mars show a host of intriguing geologic structures.
从围绕火星运行和在火星上着陆的宇宙飞船所传回来的照片上,可以看到一大批令人感兴趣的地质结构
Time to look for friends who have my contact number and available to watch movie quietly, and have peaceful book reading and coffee meet with me?
有时间进戏院看电影了，有我的联络号码的朋友阿，有没有能安安静静一起看戏的人陪我看戏和看书，喝咖啡呢
The firm recognized Tom's outstanding work by giving him an extra bonus.
公司发给汤姆一笔额外奖金以表彰他出色的工作。
Syfl. Comin bigger n stronger for 2013. Let's go. !! - Snoop
青年橄榄球联盟。在2013年变得更大更强吧，让我们出发
Would waking up in a new bugatti imply that you are homeless and sleep in your car and the car fairy blessed you with a new ride?
在一辆新的布加迪里醒来是否意味着你无家可归，只能在车上睡觉，然后汽车精灵让你有幸踏上一段新的旅程
t.cn/hBOfuxIf you love a girl, it's better to fight for her happiness than to abandon her for the sake of her happiness.
爱一个女孩子，与其为了她的幸福而放弃她，不如留住她，为她的幸福而努力。
When you have stuff in your teeth real friends will tell you, is there anything in my teeth?
当你牙齿里有东西的时候，真正的朋友会告诉你，我牙齿有没有东西呢
Just finished food show shooting, tired, need to take a nap and will continu
为食gps收工，累坏了，回家睡午觉消化一下，晚上回剧组继续拍戏
I just got a full brief on how Weibo works and who the top Bloggers are on Weibo from our creative agency Leo Burnett.  And they did not even mention The Chief!!  Ha ha!!   I got to get busier on Weibo!!!!
我刚从我们滴代理李奥贝纳那获得一个完整的关于微博如何运作的简介，而且得知了谁是那些 最优秀滴博客。他们居然都没提到过老大！哈哈，看来我要对我的微博多加把劲啦
Antispasmodic drugs are used to inhibit the diarrhea and vomiting that perpetuate the problems.
抗痉挛药物也可以使用,以制止腹泻和呕吐,这些症状通常会加重病情
After my brief rebuttal we got into a procedural wrangle about which issues remained to be settled.
在我简单地驳斥了一下之后,我们开始了哪些问题尚有待解决的程序上的争论
Right now I eat pizza like this, you know why? BTW.has to do with your health
现在吃PIZZA是这样，你知道为什么呢? BTW.是跟健康有关系的
Just go and achieve our dreams!You got a dream, you gotta protect it. If you wantsomething, go get it.We are more powerful when we are clear, and we are weaker when we are confused.
如果你有梦想的话,就要去捍卫它；如果你有理想的话,就要去努力实现。当我们思路清晰时,我们就更加强大；当我们烦恼困惑时,我们则变得弱小
A well-known drug for treating schizophrenia may be a cancer killer, t
发表了博文 《康志刚：治疗精神病药物可杀死癌症干细胞
I will be out of the office until 14th Nov, I will still pick up my email.
我将开始休假，到11月14日回来。期间我还是会收看邮件的。（收看邮件
The weather's not great today, but it won't be affecting me!!
今天的天氣不太好，但都不會影響到我
Gaddafi's daughter gives birth to baby girl in SE Algerian province
卡扎菲女儿在阿尔及利亚东南部省份产下女婴
My father likes to skydive for two main reasons:  the thrill of it and to show older people that old people can and should stay active.  I've parachute jumped twice -- what a rush!
我父亲喜欢跳伞主要有两个原因：享受它的快感以及告诉老年人，老人们可以并且应该保持活力。我已经跳过两次, 棒极了
I love how she makes me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it.
我喜欢她给我带来的感觉，就像是一切都有可能，亦或是这辈子是值得的
We have no reason to be complacent. We must not and will never rest on our laurels.
我们没有丝毫理由因此而自满，我们决不能也决不会躺在过去的功劳簿上。
Someone who is nice on the outside has dramatic feelings just beneath the surface.
某些外表亲切的人在其表象之下会有一些戏剧性的想法
If the last century's global development is the industrialization era, so the world in the 21st century progress should turn to biological age .
如果说上世纪的全球发展是工业化进程时代，那么２１世纪的世界进步应该是向生物时代转--联合国环境规划署新闻发言人尼克·纳托尔.
He decided to give up research and in 1695 accepted an appointment as warden of the British Mint in London.
他决定放弃研究,并于一六九五年接受任命,担任伦敦的不列颠造币厂的监察
Nobady can go back to start again, but, right now, everyone can have a good starting in oder to have a great ending.
没有人可以回到过去重新开始，但谁都可以从今日开始，书写一个全然不同的结局。
Trademarks may be one or a combination of words, letters, and numerals.
商标可以是文字、字母和数字,也可以是它们的组合
Many small problems today could add up to a major annoyance. Don't ignore them.
今天的小問題以后堆積起來可能就成了大麻煩。不要忽視它們哦
Another great day.  Hope you're enjoying it as much as I am.
又是超棒的一天。希望你们像我一样过得非常开心。
Meetings are a happy thing? Then how come i left with this feeling? hahah
开会就是很幸福的事情？那我刚走了怎么会有这个感觉呢？ 哈哈哈
The two men have some qualities in common, a combination of exuberance and withdrawnness.
二人之间有一些相同之点,有热情洋溢的一面,也有退缩的一面
But joking aside, I just want to reassure everybody that I am invited here tonight.
但是玩笑归玩笑，我想让大家放心我今晚的确是受到邀请来的
Today was a perfect day.. have you ever been so angrily happy?
今天是完美的一天，你们有没有如此开心过呢
life is like card games, if you don't like what you have change the rules.
生活和扑克牌没区别，感觉不幸福就把规则改。
since it has been 6 years since i started maybe i should upload a new acoustic song on the channel to thank u all.
我的演艺生涯已经开始六年了，也许我应该在频道上传一首新的不插电歌曲来答谢大家
You are going unconsciously fast right now -- and you should slow your roll!
你正在无意识地快速行进——应该让节奏缓和下来
Hats off to the Oakland Athletics for a great season and to the Tigers for beating a great team.
向奥克兰运动家队致敬，他们带来了一个精彩的赛季。还有老虎队，他们击败了一个出色的球队
Death Star Angry Birds Star Wars. My inner nerd is elated. iiii]; )' - Death Star
愤怒的小鸟星球大战版。我内心的那个呆子十分得意。iiii]; )
A new friendship will take a new direction today -- they respect you a lot.
今天，一段新的友谊会指明新的方向，让你变得更有尊严
I just wonder to know if there is a way between the most bright star and me,even though it's just a cable,do I will struggle to walk towards it?
我只想问如果我和那最亮的星光之间有一条路，哪怕只是一条钢索，我会不奋力朝它走去吗
Listening to RobertMNHarvey singing in my living room. I am so grateful to have such inspiring, talented friends. solucky
正在卧室听RobertMNHarvey唱歌。很感激有这样一位才华横溢的的朋友在我创作的时候给我灵感。如此幸运
：.“Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise.
压力、挑战，这一切消极的东西都是我能够取得成功的催化剂。
Now i rest my MIL and Halmouni are cooking for me ;)
现在我休息，我的MIL和Halmouni在为我做饭;)
The threat of going bankrupt is very unpleasant but it certainly concentrates the mind.
即将破产的威胁虽令人极烦恼，但确也能逼迫人开动脑筋。
Hey everyone! (Me again) I wanna know your fav indie retail shops so's we can bring our art to you, locally. Check it
大家好！（又是我）我想知道你们最喜欢的独立零售店是哪些。这样我们就能把我们的艺术带到你身边。来选一选吧
Is he thinking or sleeping? Who can tell? I believe he will be a great philosopher!
究竟是在思考还是在睡觉呢？难以辨别啊。看这架势长大后肯定是个哲学家
Photo: After years of badgering, Zach finally sold me one of his paintings. It was worth the wait.
照片：纠结了这么多年，Zach终于卖给我了一幅画。等这么长时间也值了
My son Robert is now 14.  And he has gotten to almost my height and 54 kilos already.  And still growing.  But The Chief can still lift him over my head!!!!   The Chief is strong!!!!  Ha ha.
我的儿子Robert现在14岁。他几乎和我一样高啦，已经有54公斤了。而且还在成长。但是老大仍旧能够把他举过头顶！！！老大很强壮！！！！哈哈
Damn! Forgot my red button. RECorders at the Bowl, forgive me.
靠! 忘了红钮了。RECorders在圆形剧场， 原谅我吧。
In 486 NBA games over eight seasons, Yao averaged 19.0 points, 9.3 rebounds, 1.9 blocked shots and 1.6 assists.
在八个赛季的486场比赛中，姚明平均每场比赛得19.0分、9.3个篮板、1.9个盖帽和1.6次助攻
Def the sweetest guys!! We look like a group in all black erthing DaBeatFreakz
最贴心的粉丝们！！我们看起来像一群穿着黑色的人在DaBeatFreakz
The diminished income was to him not even the source of momentary regret.
那笔减少了的收入对他说来,甚至片刻也不令人惋惜
The decision about how to tackle a mistake can be made today. Don't look back.
今天，关于如何解决问题的那个决定将被做出。切忌瞻前顾后。
To Swizz Beatz, Came to the stu and stole my baby's hat!!! ;-)
对Swizz Beatz说，到了录音棚，偷了我的宝贝的帽子！！！:-)
THANK YOU to everyone that actually BOUGHT THECONNECTION. We know illegal downloads are insane. YOU are who enable us to continue.
谢谢每个购买了《The Connection》的粉丝。我们知道非法下载很疯狂。是你们让我们一直继续做音乐
He was sure the agent was a sleeper, probably for sabotage in the event of an international crisis.
他肯定这名特务是一个长期潜伏者,可能是为了在一旦发生国际危机时进行破坏活动的。
The European Olympic Committees general assembly passed a vote to create the inaugural European Games to be held in Baku, Azerbaijan in 2015.
转发微博欧洲奥林匹克委员会全体大会通过一项投票，决定2015年在阿塞拜疆首都巴库举行首届“欧洲运动会”。
I am so lucky to work for Coca-Cola. My team here is so smart, talented and helpful. I am always proud of the work they do and amazed at how hard they try and what good work they do. On my Marketing, Customer and Commercial team there are 150 people and I am very proud of them!!
我觉得非常幸运在可口可乐工作。我的团队成员是如此的聪明有才能而且乐于助人。我经常为他们的工作成果感到自豪，而且很惊讶得发现他们是如此的吃苦耐劳而且能非常出色的完成任务。我的市场部，顾客及商务部门有150个成员，我为他们感到骄傲
Looper critique:  Is a real good DVD movie,which means if you were to watch it at home it's worth it, but to go to the theatre to watch it is [打哈气]
环行使者#评价：这部电影是一个非常好DVD版本的电影，意思就是：如果在家里看的话很值得看一下，如果去电影院看的话就，就，就，[打哈气]
Pretty Little Liars Season 3 FINALE is on TONIGHT Mitchies! The countdown to begins...now!
各位粉丝们，《美少女的谎言》第三季大结局今晚播出！现在开始倒计时吧
Final show of the Honda CivicTour in Chula Vista, CA tomorrow. We've had a great time and we're sad to see it end.
Honda Civic巡演在加州丘拉维斯塔的最后一场将于明天举行。这次巡演很棒，很舍不得结束。
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
只关心未来】我只关心未来，因为我的余生都会在那里度过
This afternoon you gotta listen in, 2 O'clock! See you in a bit! BTW. I need your support!
一会儿大家要听听，2点种！下午见！BTW.需要你们的支持
Wish I could be at Marshall Amps 50 Anniversary Bash; I have a show in Detroit tonight. WILL play it loud in Marshall's honor!   iiii]; )'
希望我能参加Marshall公司成立50周年的庆祝会。我今晚在底特律有场演出。我会尽情表演，以表达我对Marshall公司的敬意。iiii]; )
On Monday, she saw he had stopped wearing the intolerable pink clothing. He then agreed to go to school with her and to call her elder sister.
周一，她发现他再也不穿粉红色的衣服了。他终于不再固执，同意和她一起上学，开始喊她姐姐……
This year, you could have picked up the former tech star for less than a cup of coffee.
今年,你本可以用不到一杯咖啡的价格买到这只曾经的科技明星股
Bertha constantly received congratulations from the surrounding squires on the admirable way in which Edward managed.
伯莎不断地接受来自周围地主乡绅们的贺词,他们称赞爱德华用于管理这地方的良好方式
Brushing your teeth before seeing the dentist - kinda like washing your car before taking it to the shop. Yet, here I find myself. Brushing.
见牙医之前先刷刷牙--就像去卖车之前先洗洗车。对的，我就是这样发现自我的。刷牙。
A $10 bed net is one of the best tools to #endmalaria. How you can help on World Malaria Day
一张10美元的蚊帐是消灭疟疾最好的工具。在世界疟疾日，你可以这样提供帮助
You missed our performance yesterday at the International CES? Click on this link!
你错过了昨天我们在国际消费电子展上的表演？点击该链接吧
Algeria is to tax "excess" oil profits and give its state-owned energy firm a bigger stake in future contracts.
阿尔及利亚是税"过剩"石油利润给国有企业更大的能量攸关未来合同
Fcrebeldes214 and I love Brasil! I will be there next week I believe!!
Fcrebeldes214和我很喜欢巴西！我相信我下周就回到那里了
I'm a fan of Sweater Weather. Reasons I enjoy fall. :)
我是Sweater Weather的粉丝。也是我爱秋天的原因。:)
Wanna know bout jamaica? watch my Reincarnated movie & DL the Reincarnated App http://t.cn/zTQkoVx
想了解牙买加？去看我的电影“Reincarnated”并且下载Reincarnated的应用程序吧
It's not easy to get them both look at the shot even they are twins!
即使是双胞胎,让她俩同时看镜头也不是个容易的事儿
Even though one thing is the most despaired,as long as a brave man stick to doing it,he will possess the hope at last.
哪怕是最没有希望的事情，只要有一个勇敢者去坚持做，到最后就会拥有希望。
First day at the circuit for some Media work and so on. Montreal is one of my favourite races so really lookin forward to the weekend.
赛场第一天做了一些媒体活动等等。蒙特利尔是我最喜欢的比赛之一，所以非常期待周末的到来。
The pessimist complains about the wind; The optimist expects it to change; The realist adjusts the sails. Who are you?
悲观主义者总是抱怨风向，乐观主义者期待风向改变，而现实主义者则会调整自己的风帆。你是谁
All I want for Xmas is to see you on the 24th.
我唯一想要的聖誕禮物就是在24日晚上見到你
This obliging person took her place again and struck a few chords.
这位和颜悦色的夫人又转过身去,弹了几个和音
Masses of granite only a few kilometers away herald the vast granite area of Central Finland to the west.
距此区只数公里的花岗岩体,为其西广大的芬兰中部花岗岩区的前哨
Poland points to pilot errors as main cause of presidential air crash
波兰在斯摩棱斯克空难总结报告中指出飞行员失误是坠机主要原因
Sunday I go to Shanghai. I hope good weather. I enjoy traveling in China. Many great cities. Which is other people’s favorite Chinese city to visit?
这个星期天我去上海。我希望会有好的天气。我喜欢环游中国。许多很好的城市。在中国哪个城市是其他人的最喜欢参观吗
Grape seed: A lightweight oil rich in vitamins, minerals& antioxidants with phytochemicals to restore balance and health to the skin.
葡萄籽：少量的精油就富含奉丰富的维他命、矿物质和抗氧化物以及植物营养素，从而修复皮肤的均衡和维持健康的状态
Roger Federer is my favorite tennis player. He plays tennis like an artist, with beautiful, sweeping strokes. The tennis court is his painting canvas. I hope he wins the US Open. Li Na is my favorite female tennis player. She is deceptively smooth and fast. I love watching her!!
Roger Federer是我最喜欢的网球运动员。他挥动球拍时犹如一位艺术家在挥动画笔优美的作画。这网球场地便是他的油画布。我希望他可以赢得美国网球公开赛。李娜是我最喜欢的女子网球运动员。她的动作看起来是如此的平稳而神速。我喜欢看她打网球
US officials have confirmed that the unmanned surveillance plane lost in Iran, is a stealth aircraft used for secret missions by the CIA.
美国官员5日表示，在伊朗失事的美国无人驾驶侦察机是美中央情报局(CIA)用来执行秘密任务的一架隐形飞机
Dig Madame C just crushing at Gypsy. Come early Sat to see them at TheOutlawRoadshow
来看看Madame C刚刚在Gypsy掀起热潮。周六早点来看亡命之徒路演哟
Vending machines are evolving. Some are now offering cupcakes and pizzas. Besides food and drinks, they are also being used as interactive marketing tools. Check out Diet Coke's fun video for the new 007 film Skyfall featuring its intelligent vending machine.
自动售货机在不断演变，现在有些已经可以出售纸杯蛋糕和披萨了。除了提供食品和饮料之外，它们还可作为互动营销的工具。看看健怡可乐为全新007电影Skyfall制作的有趣视频，亮点在自动售货机。
paul:Kian was taken up wrong in an interview.He said once we had finished album and gigs and all we'd take a break-but we always do that it's nothing major at all and we're certainly not taking a long break.So next year will be single releases,live dates and much more Can't wait
Paul: Kian在采访中的原话被误解了。他只是说一旦我们完成了专辑和演出，我们将会休息一段时间。但是我们一直都是这样做的，所以不是什么大事情。我们肯定不会休息很长一段时间。所以明年我们有新单曲的发行，也有有现场演出，另外还有很多事。等不及了
China's space probe Chang'e-2 has successfully conducted a maneuver in which it flew by the asteroid Toutatis, about seven million km away from the Earth.
中国的太空探测器嫦娥二号在一次演习中，成功和距离地球约七百公里的小行星陶塔提斯擦肩而过。
Thanks for your support, remember this month 25,26 come to the National Theatre to see our "The Odd Couple!
谢谢你的支持，提醒大家这个月25，26号一定要来国家大剧院看我们的”古怪的一对
Learning 1 of 11 from Steve Jobs: "Experts Are Clueless".  Experts can help you analyze data, diagnose a problem or map an opportunity. But they can't tell you what your consumers or customers want or what you must do to capture value and be successful. You must do that yourself!
从Steve Jobs那学习到的第一点：专家其实是“砖”家。专家可以帮助你分析数据，诊断问题或规划出机会。但是他们不能告诉你消费者或者客户想要什么，或者你必须要怎么做才可以捕捉到价值并且获得成功。你必须要靠自己去做
Downtown Syracuse tonight. Me & Charley went for a walk to find some food.  Where are u?
今晚在Syracuse市中心。我和Charley边散步边寻找美食。你们在哪呢
They are other names for what most of us call the ladybug.
这些是我们大部分人叫做瓢虫的东西的别称。
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end. ~Author Unknown
爱情是永恒的象征。它抹去一切时间的概念，摧毁所有对开始的记忆和对结束的恐惧。~佚名
Also don't forget about RockVegasFest Sept 28th-29th. Killer lineup! We r playing on Fri. Tix avail  http://t.cn/zWHLBgI
同样别忘了参加9月28号的RockVegasFest。粉丝们快准备好！我们将在周五的演出中登场。门票链接: http://t.cn/zWHLBgM
Website still under Construction, these days going crazy trying to finish it up! Eyes，neck hurt from looking at the screen , Come give me massage!
网站在建筑中，这几天在拼命做自己的网站，快疯了！看屏幕就让我眼睛，脖子疼，谁来给我按摩呢？PS.自己的网站跟我一样，双语的
This past Euro/UK tour has been off the chart. Every city in every country we played, bar none. Thanks for making it great. iiii]: )'
今年的欧洲/英国巡演已经落下帷幕。我们在每个国家的每个城市的演出都是独一无二的。谢谢大家让这次的巡演如此精彩。iiii]: )
I say to you today, my friends, that in spite of the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
朋友们，今天我要对你们说，尽管眼下困难重重，但我依然怀有一个梦。这个梦深深植根于美国梦之中。
Great team win tonight ! 2nd unit did their thing !
今晚全队打了一场漂亮的胜战！下半场他们做到了
Alfred works incredibly hard to ensure the job gets done, and it is safe to say that without his contribution we would not have been able to meet our goals so effectively.
转发微博#老王语趣# 又有人问：Andy咋说这句：可以安全地说，如果没有他的贡献，我们不能够有效地实现我们的目标
The office，on the picture I added the "Cold Blue" effect, does it fit?
办公室, 在图片上加了“冷蓝”的效果，适合吗
So excited to share with you guys the new http://t.cn/zlODX1X :)
很激动和大家一起分享我的新官方网站http://t.cn/zlODX1a :)
I didn't see much action yesterday from Mexico. Who's coming to our Halloween extravaganza on the 31st?
昨天我没有看到许多来自墨西哥粉丝的行动。谁会来我们31号的万圣节狂欢演出呢
Do not turn on darkroom lights until the film has cleared.
在胶片没有完全透明之前,不要打开暗室的灯
About to leave for the best night of my life... Dangelo... I'm gonna cry.
为了我人生中最美好的夜晚准备出发了...Dangelo... 我快要哭了。
The Chief is now 90 percent.  I still have a few months, but I am coming along well after I tore a tendon in my foot 3 months ago.  The old Chinese saying is right!!!!  It takes 90 days for a tendon injury to heal.  I will be back 100 percent soon!!!
老大已经恢复百分之九十啦。也有几个月了，但是自从3个月前扭断了脚筋后，老大一切还算蛮好。中国有句古话还是很对的！！！伤筋动骨90天。我很快就会百分之百恢复啦
Besides, I might be reading the books in your father's bookcases instead.
除此之外,我也许会只顾看你爸爸书橱里的书,而不是去做作业
Talk about your friends. They are all freeloaders. You can never expect any one of them to help you.
说到你的那些朋友,都是些爱占便宜的人。指望他们帮你,没门儿
Super,baby comes from the stomach of mother,it'd be informed to kids when they 're around 6 years old. //
//@修心养生辞典:为了告诉孩子他是从哪里来的而拍，这对夫妇太可爱了
Rehearsing for the MMVAs today… I hope everybody is ready for Sunday!
今天在为MMVA颁奖礼彩排… 希望大家都准备好周日观看了
I agree that career success is about “maximizing your happiness in a way that also allows you to find surprises and push yourself into new territory.” http://t.cn/zW2WIwP China is new territory and the opportunity and surprises help me greet each day with a smile.
我认同职业生涯的成功，在于“在工作中找到惊喜，推动自己进入新领域，以最大化自己的幸福感”。http://t.cn/zW2WIwP 中国市场现在对我来说是一个新领域，这里的机遇和带来的惊喜，让我微笑着迎接每一天。
While there has been some improvement in growth prospects, the world economy is still facing prominent destabilizing factors and uncertainties. New risks are emerging and building up as the underlying causes of the international financial crisis are yet to be removed.
促增长”主导G20峰会】戛纳峰会以来，世界经济保持复苏态势，同时不稳定不确定因素依然突出，导致国际金融危机的深层次矛盾尚未消除，新的风险又在形成和积聚。
This afternoon shooting, right now writing my speech for this sunday. Remember, follow your dreams.
下午拍摄，现在写我周日的演讲...大家要记得，追求你的梦想
Hey, we've opened up an Instagram acct . Details to follow. iiii]; )'
我们开了一个Instagram账户。详情待续。iiii]; )'
Churn - The term used to describe turnover rate of subscribers to a service or product.
订户流动率-此术语用於说明一项服务或產品的订户流动速度。
Chinese premier urges solidarity, high morale to advance technology after train collision
中国新闻】中国总理呼吁在火车碰撞事故后，团结一致、昂扬斗志、促进技术发展
He felt as if he alone were responsible for what had happened.
他感到仿佛唯独他要对发生的一切负责
Ricky Martin说：Protect children against sex trafficking.I urge authorithies 2 take action on Craigs List in Pto Rico.
为了保护儿童免受性贩卖行为的侵害，强烈呼吁当局对波多黎各的Craigs List采取行动。（12小时前
President Hu said the Communist Party, to continue its rule, must adapt to a changing nation and a changing world.
胡主席表示，中国共产党要想继续执政，必须适应不断变化的国家和世界。
So it has now become the lingua franch in the world.
因此英语已经成为世界通用语言。
Ricky Martin说：With the one and only Nia Vardalos! You are awesome! I'm glad you enjoyed ‪#Evita#‬.
我和独一无二的Nia Vardalos！你棒极了！很高兴你喜欢Evita。（10小时前
When my wife wants me to go to a Chinese movie with her, I'm just like
当我老婆要一起看中国电影的时候，我就像这样
Shit. What started it? RT torijwatson: "random rioting/looting/mugging, journalists being purposefully attacked, homes/shops on fire.
靠。什么原因导致的啊？RT torijwatson:“暴乱，打砸抢，蓄意袭击记者，民宅/商店纵火。
My daughter Ashley was home this weekend with her new iPhone 3s. She took a picture with her phone, shook it, and this is what came out. It is the way I feel after so many good meals on my trips to China!
我女儿Ashley这周末带着她的新iphone 4S回家了。她用手机拍了张照，摇了摇，然后就有了这张图片。这就是我多次中国之行享受美食之后的感觉
praying for Lil wayne. N his family. We need a heavy prayer line to get Wayne bc to life. We need to help. He's our Lil brother
为Lil Wayne以及他的家人祈祷。我们需要大家共同的祈祷来帮助Wayne恢复健康。我们需要帮忙。他是我们的小兄弟
Terribly sad news about James Gandolfini's passing. Such a fantastic actor. RIP.
听到James Gandoffini去世的消息真是万分悲痛。多么了不起的一个演员...
People are loving this! They're all my Reebok Classic shoes ;-)
大家都喜欢这款！这些都是我的锐步经典系列鞋子 ;-)
The moon had freed herself above the poplars and poured her unreality on the garden.
月亮已经从白杨树中挣脱出来,将一座花园照得象幻境一般
Secret, quiet movement often awakens a sleeper when a deliberate normal action does not.
悄悄的偷偷摸摸的举动时常会使一个熟睡的人惊醒,而沉着的正常行动却不会
Listen up. The season premiere of my friend kurt sutter's brilliant show SOA is tomorrow at 10pm!  watch it!
各位，我好朋友kurt sutter的本季精彩大剧SOA（混乱之子）定于明晚10点首播！记得收看啊
When I was younger I was used to walking long distanced, but now I'm out of practice.
在我年轻的时候,我习惯于长距离步行,但是现在我缺乏锻炼
Ricky Martin说："When you grow up in a family that doesn't EXPECT excellence, when they see excellence they often get threaten by it. But if you are raised to EXPECT excellence, you embrace excellence because you see it as your birth right." - Oprah
当人在一个不期待出类拔萃的家庭里长大后，看见出色的人，他们会感到受威胁。但如果你从小被教导要期盼不同凡响，你就会拥抱这种特质，因为你视此为与生俱来的权利。” ——奥普拉
And they have no illusions about the potential for effective global policy coordination.
它们也不会幻想有效的全球政策协调会产生多大作用。
With the right combination of exercise, proper nutrition and, most importantly, a shift in attitude, you too can look and feel great and in shape.
想从内到外都散发着健康吗?只要结合适当的运动,合理营养摄入,再积极地调整你的态度,我们相信你也可以做到!
To darrendman, ahahhaha! You have no idea how much I wanted to retweet that yesterday.. Xo
对darrendman说，哈哈！你不知道我昨天有多想转发那条微博。。爱你
Thanks for everyone‘s support on my birthday, will be busy organizing tonights birthday party so thanks again for your support, I need it!
谢谢大家的生日祝福，在忙晚上的生日PARTY,所以现在开始没时间回你们。需要你们的支持！PS.我是５月９号，23:22点出生的（看图片
Only few people know that life is beautiful for lacking something, the so-called turning-around is that you not only miss the sun in day time but also the stars at night.
只有很少的人懂得，人生是因缺憾而美丽，所谓的回头，只不过是丢掉了白天的太阳之后，又错过夜晚的星星
If female help is needed, call in my housekeeper, Mrs. Gill.
如果需要个女人做帮手的话,可找我的管家吉尔太太。
Obama declares emergency for New York state ahead of Hurricane Irene
奥巴马宣布纽约州进入紧急状态应对特大飓风
Ok guys, I'm gonna begin following our wonderful fans!!! It seems to be a popular request!!!
好吧，我要开始关注我推特上那群可爱的粉丝了！！！看来大家都在提这个要求啊
I love making music!! Everyday I'm motivated to become better & stronger.
我喜欢做音乐！！每天我都激励着自己变得更棒、更强。
Syfl. Love the kids and all my nfl friends for supporting the cause and effect c u there june 15 th - Snoop
青年足球联赛。非常喜欢这些孩子们，因此也喜爱所有支持他们的朋友，6月15日见
IDF。@英特尔中国天天事Great weather in San Francisco as we gear up to kick off IDF 2012. I always love this event where we get to reveal the lasted innovations and talk shop with our amazing developer community. Stay tuned.
旧金山的天气真不错，我们即将开启IDF 2012之旅。我一直对这一盛会情有独钟，在这里我们将宣布最新的创新进展，并与我们强大的开发者社区进行交流。敬请关注
VOA教育报道】U.S. Congress is studying how to change immigration policies in an effort to get more foreign students to stay and work in the United States.
美国国会正在考虑改革移民政策，方便优秀中国留学生定居美国，避免“人才外流”。请看文字+视频报道
In their efforts to persuade us to buy this or that product, advertisers have made a close study of human nature and have classified all our little weaknesses.
做广告的人在力图劝说我们买下这种产品或那种产品之前，已经仔细地研究了人的本性，并把人的弱点进行了分类
He tries, when philosophizing, to sink the fact of his temperament.
他进行哲学思考时常要把他那气质的事实隐蔽起来。
Bees and wasps both sting, but they have other similarities too.
蜜蜂和黄蜂都螫人,但它们还有其他相似之处
Thank you Copenhagen.  Great show and it's all because of you.  Can't wait to come back and do it all again.
谢谢你们，哥本哈根的粉丝们。因为有你们，演唱会非常精彩。我们已经等不及要再次回来给你们表演了。
Give me somethin' good, Don't wanna wait I want it now
给我点甜头，不想再等了，现在就要...
They had to edge their way along this, sometimes wading across shallow streams, or swimming across deep pools.
来到一条狭窄的走廊上。他们不得不侧着身子往前走,有时过浅溪,有时游过深潭
Both the people you don't like and those who don't like you seem extremely ugly.
你发现了么，那些不喜欢你的人，长得都特别丑。
China's first space laboratory module [n.组件] Tiangong-1 is set to launch Thursday, scheduled to blast off between 21:16 and 21:31 local time.
9.29#天宫一号#A: 中国首个太空实验室“天宫一号”定于当地时间周四21时16至31分间发射。
If it was the love she dreamt of, nothing could destroy it.
如果这是她梦寐以求的爱,那么任何力量也破坏不了。
Originally I didin't plan to take off my clothes, but in the end still stripped off. In our World Health Store"Mr.Fit" category I received second place.
原计划没有我脱衣服的环节，后来没办法，还是脱了。在我们的@维衡生WHS 12周比赛"MR.FIT"奖项我拿了第二名。明年要拿第一名
DPRK leader Kim Jong-un with mystery woman watch Mickey Mouse, but many of his people don’t have food. I don’t think his priorities are correct.
朝鲜领导人金正恩与他的神秘女子手表米老鼠,但他的许多人仍然没有食物。我不认为他有他的优先事项正确
) Raw chocolate class and also a visit to a heritage soy sauce factory for Slow Food this weekend. I love my job!
这个周末有生巧克力课和慢食活动去做酱油的工厂。我很喜欢我的工作
Beijing where is the blue sky? How can we fix this pollution problem?
北京蓝天在哪呢？我们怎样才能解决这个污染的问题
is important to being effective in your career. But a big job title does not mean you automatically get it. Respect has to be earned and here are some interesting tips for doing that: http://t.cn/zlDuX3W
在你的职业生涯中，尊重发挥着重要作用。一个高级职位不可能是不劳而获。受人尊重，需要去赢得。这里有一些好建议：http://t.cn/zlDuX3WRespect
definitely! we love and are influenced a lot by the films we watch.
当然！我们爱我们看过的电影，同时也从中受到了很大的影响
also... just saw The Room. changed my life. i still can't believe it's real.
同时...刚刚看了《The Room》。改变了我的生活。我仍不敢相信它是真实的
I llike watching comedy. Even better when you watch live! The USA has some great comedy clubs.
我如看喜剧。当你看住更好!美国有一些伟大的喜剧俱乐部
Because when we get home, we have to focus on writing our book, might not have time for the relaxation.
因为等我们回来后， 我和我先生必须要全力以赴地写这本书，恐怕就没有什么休闲的时间了。
RW is a brilliant artist & a good friend. The song itself is fantastic. I would have loved to have done it if it were possible. iiii]; )' - Robbie William
是一个很有才的艺术家，也是我很要好的朋友。他写的这首歌也很棒。如果那时可以的话，我很愿意和他一起合作这首歌。iiii]; )
China's GDP growth likely to fall below 9 pct in 2012: report
报告称我国2012年GDP涨幅或将回落至9%以下
Breakfast in bed, watching I Love Lucy; and writing ... Today is a good day. moms in town
在床上吃早餐，看《我爱露西》；写写东西...今天是个好日子。妈妈在城里
While u all contemplate that, I'm going to play some guitar. Goodnight! iiii]; )'
在你们冥思苦想的这段时间，我要去练练吉他了。晚安！iiii]; )
Don't lose your concentration. Things aren't what they seem -- they're even better!
不要放松自己的关注。事情并不像看起来的那样，实际情况会好很多
A few of them involved working with unscrupulous and horribly unpleasant people .
做某些工作时还需要与不讲道德且非常讨厌的人共事。
To Radio1045, if you search Papa Roach on the Majority Rules widget nothing comes up. DM us.
对Radio1045说，如果你在Majority Rules设备上搜索我们的话，什么也不会显示出来。私信我们吧
12 dead, 50 wounded in shooting at Colorado theater, police chief says. Moviegoers didn't know what was happening and some thought the attack was part of the show.
美國科羅拉多州發生槍擊事件導致12人死亡50人受傷。影院當時放映的是黑暗騎士，當時很多觀眾太投入以為射擊是電影的一部分。
message to my wife Shante Broadus n her grandma n the taylor family from snoop.  i love yall be strong! n jah bless!
对我的妻子Shante Broadus、她的祖母以及Taylor一家说的话：我爱你们，坚强点！上帝保佑你们
Just thinking of all that yummy food makes my mouth water.
光想到那些可口的食物我就会口水直流。
Setting the schedule for busy months ahead, and an adventurous summer.
为接下来繁忙的一个月做好计划，然后还有一个充满冒险的夏天
Talking life, faith, dreams, and success with our brother Rodney Murphy
和我们的兄弟Rodney Murphy一起谈论人生、信仰、梦想还有成功
wait, so... $9.99 or $14.99? or both? do i get to choose, or...? i‘m confused.
等一下，所以...究竟是$9.99还是$14.99？或者两者都是？我是不是要做下...
Live from Las Vegas last Friday. Who's coming to see Counting Crows this Fall?
上周五在拉斯维加斯的现场演出。谁会在这个秋天过来看Counting Crows的巡演呢
It is extremely important to stay true to yourself and live with the conviction that each of us is destined to do something EXTRAORDINARY!
说：至关重要的就是保持真实的自我，并且坚信我们每个人都注定要做些不同凡响的事
When you have something you really love but it brings pain to you, God is just testing you to see if you are strong enough to hold it.
当你真正喜欢一样东西，但它又给你带来伤害的时候，其实这是老天在考验你是否足够坚持
I had a romantic lunch today with a very special lady. My love for her has only grown over the 8 years since she said "I do". I'm counting my blessings on this wonderful day.
今天我与一位非常特别的女士共享了浪漫午餐。从她说“我愿意”的那天起，八年来我对她的爱与日俱增。在这美妙的一天，我感激上帝对我的眷顾。
today I met with another organic farm, Just Organic on Chongming island. Will do a farm tour in Spring!
今天刚认识一家新的有机农场：嘉仕有机，在崇明岛。春天会带大家去参观
You should try to wholeheartedly embrace change and unfamiliar ideas today.
今天，对于那些改变与陌生的想法，你应该全力包容
Cutest Classic Chic penguin baby ever: in classic black and white!
史上最可爱经典时尚的企鹅宝宝: 黑和白!
Dipped my toes in some gold capped heels. What do you think?
穿着金色尖头高跟鞋。大家觉得怎么样
Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.---- Albert Einstein.
人人都是天才，但如果用爬树的能力来评价一条鱼，那鱼终其一生都会认为自己很笨蛋。----爱因斯坦。
I like Li Na.  Alot.   I like her for two reasons.  First, she is very tough and never gives up.  Second, she is true to herself.  Authentic.  The Real Deal.   I wish her the best!!!!!!
我非常喜欢李娜。我喜欢她有2个原因。首先，她很刻苦而且从不放弃。其次，她做真正的自己。很真实。实打实的。我致以她最好的祝愿
It will acquire no kudos for translating its inner doubts into hesitation.
如果由于内心疑虑不安而在行动上举棋不定,是得不到荣誉的。
There has never been a man around me who wrote so many memos.
在我周围的人中从没有一个象他那样写过那么多的备忘录
Farewell, Brasil! Thank you for having me in your beautiful country... Till we meet again! Xo.
再见了，巴西！感谢你给我在你美丽的国土上的留下的回忆... 期待我们下次再见！亲亲
In due course I became a beneficiary of this state of affairs and of this bias of the media.
到了适当的时候,我成了这种情况以及新闻界的这种倾向的受益者。
To see us. We hope to be back soon and make it up to all of you!!
快来和我们见面。但愿我们很快就会回来并补偿你们所有人
Judging on the X Factor has been a really different experience. Having a blast!
在《X音素》作评委真是一次与众不同的经历。掀起了热潮
I would like to remind everyone that tomorrow's event is a public lecture - everyone can come!
我想提醒大家，明天在#伦敦政治经济学院#的演讲是为了公众的 欢迎大家来
Folks have been askin' about future hitRECord live shows. Y'all sure won't wanna miss the #FallFormal# in LA! Check it
大家一直在问以后还有什么 hitRECord现场演出。你们肯定不想错过洛杉矶的
Let the reader know immediately what kind of movie they are reading. What are the rules of the world you are creating?
让读者一眼就能看出你的剧本类型是什么， 你所创造的世界里规则有什么
Evan Moody just grinding ma dude working on an EP for the summer.
Evan Moody正在和我的好兄弟一起精心制作今夏的EP专辑。
He seemed to be in no danger whatsoever, and that made him jumpy because he imagined invisible threats.
无论什么样的情况,他似乎都没有碰到过危险,但想到无形的威胁就使他心惊肉跳
The Voice knockouts were tough but Team Shakira is ready to go! SHQ
美国之声》的淘汰赛很残酷，不过我的队伍准备好迎接挑战了！SHQ
Always makes my day, seeing all your beautiful messages.  SELENATORS  UR the best.
看到你们的甜蜜留言总是让我很开心。SELENATORS, 你们是最棒的
you take care of all the details now, you'll be able to have much more fun later.
如果你现在照顾到了所有细节，就能在之后获得更多乐趣。
may have seen this already.  A few people have sent it to me.  It's one of the most creative dances I have ever seen.  Fabulous!!!!  And I love the music!!!!   Enjoy.  http://t.cn/zHqFETe
你们可能已经看过这个啦。有人也发我了。这是我见过的最有创意的舞蹈之一。太震惊了！！！！我也很爱这个音乐！！！！老大都看得落泪了！！http://t.cn/zHqFETeYou
A 2011 report on internet security finds that China has became the top target for global cyber attacks.
中国已成为网络攻击最大的受害国之一，中国的计算机网络几乎每时每刻都在遭受各种攻击
Today my daughter & I made a snowman. It was a lot of fun!
今天我和我女儿做了一个雪人。很好玩
He was not a regular customer here, having dropped in casually today.
他不是这儿的老主顾,今天偶然来光顾一下。
It is a baptism ceremony, testifying in front of other believers that he is a christian since that moment.
在教会里有受洗的仪式,信徒在众人面前见证从那一刻起,他就是基督徒。
Our problems are manmade; therefore, they can be solved by man.
我们的问题都是人为的,因此是人所能解决的
ToCMCrume, Sounds more like we're actually just both fans. Which is a cool thing to be. I grew up cutting school to sit in Oakland bleachers.
对CMCrume说，听起来我们都是他们的粉丝呀。太酷了。我小时候还逃学去看Oakland的比赛呢
Libyan rebel leader gives pro-Gaddafi cities one week to surrender: TV
反对派下最后通牒：卡扎菲支持者须一周内投降
Punctuality is a necessary habit in all public affairs in civilized society.
准时是文明社会中进行一切社交活动时必须养成的习惯。
Always nice seeing Vanessa looking gorgeous as always @ Naeem Khan :)
纳伊·姆汗的服装秀上，看到Vanessa一如既往的高贵真的很开心 :)
The snow lay deep on the Sierras and every mountain creek became a river.
大雪厚厚地覆盖在内华达山丘,每条山溪都成了河流。
Hello Dubai. Fairly unsuccessful attempt at sleeping on that flight probably due to the fact I was sat next to a human cement mixer!
你好迪拜！我在飞机上一直试图睡觉却睡不着，因为坐在我旁边的人一直在打呼噜!
I know an idiom in Chinese - "Wenshan Huihai". At Intel, thankfully, my meetings are effective. Posters in Intel meeting rooms remind everyone to ask themselves several questions before meetings. Unless you understand the meeting objectives, agenda & your role, just say ‘No’.
来中国后我听到一个词，叫做“文山会海”。不过我开会时效率很高。英特尔如何开会呢？这张挂在英特尔会议室墙上的挂图，要求每位开会者会前有“六问”。如果你不了解会议的目标、议程和你的角色，召集人也没有告诉你，你可以拒绝参会。我们就是这么做的
To worgiebeats party time indeed. (ps. Did you find your laptop? Or the person who stole my nose?)
对worgiebeats说，真的是派对时刻。顺便问一句，你找到你的笔记本电脑了吗？还有那个偷了我鼻子的人
We continuously inject a tracer into a point in a steadily moving fluid.
我们连续地将一种示踪物注入某稳定运动流体中之一点。
Travelling trip: When you are in Europe its best if you dont wear any apparel linking you to America,Ex. Wearing a pink Texas hoody
旅游妙招：在欧洲时请不要穿美国有关的装扮，比如，一个粉红色德克萨斯运动衫
Relaxing day by the pool with good company... and an awesome hat
和好伙伴，以及这顶靓帽在泳池边度过放松的一天...
Hangin' with Rosie and Sophia Grace .... Don't worry about it.
和Rosie，Sophia Grace一起玩闹...不用担心
If you feel your bible is hard to read, can try this one! Great for baby Christians n new believers too!!
給自己買了一個新的中文聖經！😍 讚美上帝給我一個容易讀和理解的中文版
To dirtydiam0nds, no way. I'm absolutely positive there are aspects of your life that are far more appealing than mine! :)
对dirtydiam0nds说，不可能。我绝对可以很乐观说，你生活中的某些方面要远远比我的更加有趣！:)
But I was -- I was lucky. I got a lot of second chances, and I had the opportunity to go to college and law school and follow my dreams.
但我很幸运 我在许多事上都得到了重来的机会，我有幸能上大学，上法学院，追求自己的理想
Time is related to--yes, identical with--everything creative and active, every process toward a higher goal.
时间和一切具备创造力和活跃的事物相关，和所有迈向更高目标的进步有关——是的，它甚至等同这些事物
Just realized my tie and shoes are the same color, they match right?
突然发现自己的领带和鞋是同样的颜色，搭不搭?
To RobertMNHarvey: that's my second favorite guitar.. So don't worry. ;)
对RobertMNHarvey说：那是我第二喜欢的吉他。。所以不要担心。;)
How adorable are these photos of pandas enjoying special mooncakes for the holidays? http://t.cn/zlC51kp
快来看看这些熊猫们品尝中秋节特制月饼的图片吧，简直是太可爱了！http://news.xinhuan...
While it is certainly no substitute for the entire anthology, its pretty cool rental houses will carry our DVD:
这个肯定抵不上整个套装，不过有DVD出租商愿意租我们的DVD也是一件很酷得事:
So we’re in the absurd position of being committed to help Japan fight a war over islands, even though we don’t agree that they are necessarily Japanese.
所以我们处于一个荒谬的位置：尽管我们不认同它们必然属于日本人，但是我们有责任帮助日本为这些岛屿而战。
Your weekend needs just a little more "Tambourine"...watch it now on VEVO!
你的周末需要更多一点的“Tambourine”（Eve的单曲）。。。快到VEVO上看看吧
Shooting w Patrick Hoelck  all day today for the new Sephora campaign!
今天一整天都在和Patrick Hoelck为丝芙兰拍摄新的广告宣传片
On the way back to Beijing， first fly from Halifax to Ottawa
回北京的路上,先从哈利法克斯飞到渥太华.
Just finished doing yoga, today had the help of the inner level of my Lining MIX shoes. Awesome,really helped gripping the floor!
刚做完瑜伽，今天有了帮手，穿了我'李宁MIX鞋的内层。好棒！很有grip! (中文就是抓住？)
Back in London and it is cold. But the good thing is that the sun's out.
回到伦敦了，现在天气好冷。但是值得高兴的是太阳出来了。
If your device syncs automatically, the Player starts sync every time you connect the device to a computer.
如果您的设备自动同步,则播放机在您每次将设备连接到计算机时开始同步
It will be seen that short engagements inadequate damping and high values of "a" result in oscillatory responses.
可以看出,“短”拦截,不适当的阻尼系数和高的“a”值都会发生振荡的响应曲线
We are at famous tourist spot, "Singapore Flyer". The world's tallest observatory wheel, guess how tall?
我是万事达人#新加坡旅游经典，”Singapore Flyer新加坡观景轮”。世界上的最高，你们猜多高呢
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself and the other for helping others.
当你再成熟有担当一点后，你会发现你有两只手，一只用来助己，另一只助人。——奥黛丽•赫本
I also believe that in the process of searching, no experience is wasted, unless we allow ourselves to run out of hope.
我也相信在寻求的过程中，任何经历都会派上用场，除非我们让自己放弃希望。
If your partner is helping you become a better person, you become happier and more satisfied in the relationship.
如果你的伴侣帮助你成为一个更好的人，你会感到更快乐，对你们之间的关系也会更满意。”——《纽约时报
Real, to be real, should be one of the ultimate value view among people
真，对真的追求，应该是人与人之间的终极价值观之一
The highest priority was assigned to all forms of radar study and application.
我们对有关雷达的各种研究和应用给予最高的优先权
My observation is that windows 8 is selling well with touch computers.
我看到，win8与触摸屏电脑出色的搭配，销售不错
FIRST TIME PLAYING IN NIZHNY NOVGOROD. YOU GUYS ROCKED! - JACOBY
第一次在下诺夫哥罗德演出。你们太棒了！- JACOBY
Snapshot from backstage essencemusicfest last week, I look just like my momma in this pic
上周在essence音乐节后台的随手照，这张照片我看起来像我妈妈
Important progress has been made to redeem those pledges and to achieve the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). Aid has increased significantly.
我们已经取得重要进展，兑现（上述这些）承诺，实现千年发展目标，援助也已大大增加。 更多例句见：中国同传口译网
I think it's too early to say the QWERTY keyboard and mouse are dead. But interesting that young people type faster on mobile with predictive text and how touch and gesture are becoming pervasive. New form factors and Windows 8 likely will accelerate this trend.
在我看来，下结论说QWERT键盘和鼠标已经过时，还为时过早。但有趣的是，年轻人在移动设备上使用文本联想功能，打字的速度越来越快，而且触屏和手势控制功能正在普及。新的产品形态和Windows 8可能会加快这一趋势。
A few mortar shells were landing somewhere with a flat thudding sound.
不知哪里落了几颗迫击炮弹,闷声闷气地轰轰几响
Today is my first time to use my new iPhone5 to get on Weibo. Very easy to use! [good]
今天是第一次使用我的新iPhone5在微博上。非常容易使用
E5 Server sales are great although across the industry there are some 4 week lead times related to component shortages that should be cleaned up in month.
新的E5系列服务器CPU销售良好。但是由于个别零部件缺货导致CPU供货周期较长，但是应该可以在近期内恢复供应
For Mandrake users, the tool DiskDrake is a much friendlier and more flexible GUI-based tool to do the same thing.
对Mandrake用户来说,完成同样的工作,DiskDrake是一个更友好和更灵活的基于GUI的工具
Waiting for my only one scene today with a pigeon under the same roof
今天我只有一场戏，慢悠悠的等待着，有鸽子陪伴我
In birds, reptiles and many amphibians there is only one ossicle.
鸟类、爬行动物和许多两栖动物只有一块听小骨。
Beijing was shrouded in dense smog for a 3rd straight day on Sunday, with AQI over 500, causing an increase in children's respiratory infections.
转发微博昨天北京第三天笼罩在浓密的烟雾中，空气质量指数超过500，儿童呼吸道感染病例增加。
00 and we are beginning my 7th meeting.   We are kicking off a discussion on our server board and Xeon CPU business.    The quarter is off to a good start.  PRC almost 50% to the local plan.
现在是下午一点钟，今天的第七场会议将马上开始。会议先会讨论服务器主板和至强CPU的生意。本季度有一个非常理想的开端，中国已经完成50％的销售任务了。It is
19 hours of work.. Done! Thank u lord for the wonderful day!!
19個小時的工作...完成了！感謝主有这美好的一天
We lookin' down but we don't know what to do, you look at me to jump now I'm fallin' down.. #Never Know#
我们低头看却不知道要做什么，你看着我往下跳，现在我在慢慢坠落..”#Never Know#
I find magic tricks boring. It doesn't surprise me that all I remember from last night's show was 刘谦's jaw.
我觉得魔术把戏很无聊。所以昨晚的演出只记得刘谦的下巴我一点都不奇怪。
when my wife tells me to go home from the bar, I'm all like
当我在酒吧喝酒的时候，老婆叫我回家时，我就像这样
and what is more important we need time to talk till everything is the way it's supposed to be
我们常常无法做伟大的事，但我们可以用伟大的爱去做每一件小事。——德兰修女
Everyone effected by the storms on the east coast your in my thoughts and prayers.
在东海岸受到飓风影响的每一位同胞，我牵挂着你们，并为你们祈祷。
what am i going to do now that i'm through with arrested development?
现在我看完了《发展受阻》，我要做什么呢
Due to the overhead verifying and generating backup checksums, using backup checksums poses a potential performance impact.
由于验证和生成备份校验和引起的开销,使用备份校验和会对性能造成潜在的影响
Three hospitalized, one buried after shopping mall collapses in NW China
西安端履门十字华侨商场发生坍塌 三人受伤一人被埋
HELLLOOOO everybody. I'm in CAROL's HOME tonight we are going to eat craps , do you guys know it???
哈喽，各位。我现在在Carol的家里，今晚我们要去吃Carps，你们知道这个吗
Ricky Martin说：I do not regret anything because it was exactly what I wanted at some point.
我不为任何事而后悔，因为在那些时候我的确做了自己想做的事。（12小时前
Yes, we have. We require that people leaving the library pass through a turnstile at which two guards are stationed.
对啊。我们要求每个人在离开图书馆的时候必须通过一个栅门,栅门处有两个保卫呢
Long streamers of Northern Lights flashing blue wisps across the sky.
北极光的狭长流光,闪射出蓝色的光芒,横过夜空
Hot of the presses! The new Black Berry Q5! You know I love red! U like? ;-)
按键很棒啊！最新款黑莓Q5手机！你们知道我大爱红色！你们喜欢吗？ ;-)
glad its back to being about the music. #BELIEVEacoustic# is on top. wrote the songs from a honest place. means alot u can relate. thanks.
很开心重回音乐之路。BELIEVE原声版现在首位。真诚地写作这些歌，你们可以得到共鸣。谢谢。)
Now the New Frontiersmen swarmed in from state governments, the universities, the foundations and the newspapers.
现在,新边疆的人员从各州政府、各大学、各基金会、各报社蜂拥而来。
Coca-Cola produces this dairy product, Minute Maid Super Pulpy Milky. It is by far the most amazing tasting dairy product in China. It has dairy, juice and pulpy coconut bits.  Strawberry is my favorite. We will do some very interesting things next month on this brand. Just wait!
这款是可口可乐公司生产的牛奶饮料，称之为美之源果粒奶优。它是目前为止中国市场上品尝起来最美味的牛奶饮品。它里面有牛奶，果汁还有椰果粒。草莓味是我的最爱。下个月我们的牛奶饮品会做一些非常有趣的活动噢，大家拭目以待吧
And I am NOT tweeting any pix 'attractive' is not a word I would use to describe myself right now.'Pomelo" would be more accurate!
还有，我现在不会发任何图片了。我是不会用“美丽动人”这个词来形容我自己了。“柚子”这个词会更加准确
India - growth concerns deepen as IP growth contracts in June
印度- 由于六月工业生产增长收缩，对增长的关注加深
Scientists claim having a clean and sterile desk can also leave employees with smaller brains.
科学家称，把办公桌打扫得一尘不染也可能让员工的大脑萎缩
it's been a month since I've drank any alcohol so my skin is getting better and better. Drink a little less this spring festival season, your body will thank you.
早上好，有一个月了没喝酒（戒酒了）所以我皮肤越来越好啊。建议大家在春节时候少喝点酒，自己的身体会感谢你！Morning,
The study found that those who drank more than one cup of coffee a day had a 22% to 25% lowered risk of stroke, compared with women who drank less.
研究发现，女性每天喝一杯以上咖啡可使中风风险降低22%-25%。咖啡还能降低患糖尿病和肝癌风险。但饮用咖啡不可过量
I love this Coke delivery truck in Hong Kong.  It's a beautiful 3D graphics that makes the truck look like a pack of Coke cans are being opened.  Let me know if you like it and I will bring it to China.   See if your friends like also.  It's so cool!!!
我喜爱香港的这个可乐运输货车。它的外表是漂亮的3D图画，看上去就好像一组可乐的外包装正在被打开。告诉我你们喜欢吗？ 我可以把它带到中国来哦。看看你们的朋友是否喜欢，它真的很酷哦。
Andy Grove: “It’s very important for you to do two things: act on your temporary conviction as if it was a real conviction; and when you realize that you are wrong, correct course very quickly.” Believing something will succeed is one of the ways to increase the chances to win
安迪-格鲁夫说过：“作为领导者，非常重要的是你要做两件事情：视自己当时的信念为真实的信仰，并使之变成行动；但当你意识到自己的错误时，立即调整到正确轨道。”相信有些事情会成功，这才能增加赢的机会
Oh yeah, today also met some new friends , famous TV host Li Xiang! Before had no clue he could ball, Mr.Li also wore Jeremy Lin's jersey. BTW Read his book! [good]
对了，今天还见到新朋友了，著名主持人李响! 以前不知道他会打球，李先生也穿了林书豪的球衣。BTW.听说过他出书了，我要!
Wow!! Congratulations to our Oakland A's for beating Texas 4-3 tonight & clinching 1st postseason spot since 2006. 1 game out of 1st place!
哇！！祝贺我们的Oakland Athletics队今晚以4-3战胜了Texas队，自2006年以来再次名列季后赛积分榜榜首。一次比赛就让他们跃居首位
One of the cutest things ive ever scene. I want a hug like that, really missing my mommy right now!
这是我看过最可爱的事物之一.我想要有一个那样的拥抱,现在真的很想我的妈妈
Justin Bieber吗？6 years ago today I started a Youtube channel and u all started to change my life. Thank u. Love u.
六年前的今天我建立了Youtube频道，从而开始了我的演艺事业，你们都改变了我的人生。谢谢， 爱你们
So, if you have your own little Ruthless Gradeschooler her age, then I pity the levees that hold back your tears.
即使她在第一个小时里没能捉住你心，但可以保证你会在最后半个小时被其深深俘虏住。
The DPRK says it is injecting fuel into the Unha-3 rocket, on preparation for the launch of its satellite.
光明星3号”卫星已装载到运载火箭上，并正在向火箭注入燃料，卫星随时待命准备发射。
The iPhone 5 is now in production as it gets closer to launch.  Expect an announcement in the next few weeks.  The attached photo is what it might look like.  Cool!!!!
5现在已经在生产了，因为不久就要问世啦！期待过几周就能看到官方宣布。看这图片，它可能就是这个样子噢，酷
Thousands of Apple customers and fans of Mr Jobs posted heartfelt appreciations on social networking sites, and tributes poured in from former colleagues and former foes alike.
成千上万的苹果用户和乔布斯的粉丝在社交网站上留言,表达衷心感激,不论是前同事还是前对手都纷纷发表赞颂之词。
My team is always supporting me every step of the way. We're like a family.
我的团队一路以来一直支持着我。我们就像一个大家庭一样。
Hosts China held off a strong comback from Chinese Taipei to reap a third straight win on 105-91 in the 2nd FIBA Asian women's under-16 basketball championship here on Thursday.
北京时间12月8日，在山东济南举行的U16女篮亚青赛的小组阶段进入尾声，中国队以105比91战胜来自宝岛的中华台北队，取得四连胜，并以小组第二的身份晋级亚青赛的半决赛。
My son Pierce is a Big Brother to a great little kid Jaylyn who was baptized in church last weekend.  To learn more about this kind of program see Pierce’s note below. There are so many ways that people can help others.
我的儿子Pierce是Jaylyn的“大哥哥”。Jaylyn是一个很不错的孩子，上周末在教堂接受了洗礼。想了解更多有关这个项目的情况，参见以下Pierce的感言。帮助他人的方式有很多很多
is a historic battle happening on the Bund. Which guy is the real tough guy? The cow or the bull! I prefer my friend will win! @草莓牛v
一场伟大的对决正在上海外滩上演。你认为那头牛才是真正的硬汉？这头牛还是那头牛？老大觉得我的朋友赢面比较大 @草莓牛v
Japan and the global supply chain Broken links The disruption to manufa
发表了博文 《康志刚：雅思阅读准备之日本供应链中断
Solitude is a luxury -- and you may have to sacrifice quite a bit of it very soon.
孤独是一种奢侈——而且很快地，你就不得不去牺牲孤独。
They also observed an increase in the number of immature neutrophils.
他们还观察到不成熟的嗜中性的白细胞数目增多。
Need to work on my "paws". Those cats got it down!
要开始做我的“爪子”了。这些猫把它拿下来了
Watched a great film on the plane last night! Senna. The French bloke with glasses running things reminded me of Sepp Blatter!
我昨晚在飞机上看了一部特好看的电影。叫Senna.电影中的那个法国老板让我想起来布拉特...
The systemic risks to the China banks are growing. If China is to abandon its investment-driven economic model, it has to unwind its bank balance sheets.
中国银行系统的系统性风险在不断增加。若中国要放弃投资推动的经济模式，必须收缩银行的资产负债表
These intercepts poured out of the radio room, where the monitors sat with their headphones on, into evaluation center.
监听员戴着耳机坐在收报室里收报,截收的情报源源不断地从收报室送到分析中心。
It goes w/out saying, Manchester rocks. But it was an especially eventful crowd tonight. I had a  blast this evening. Cheers! iiii]; )'
不言而喻，曼切斯特的粉丝太棒了。但是今晚的观众是特别多啊。我今晚表演的很尽兴。谢谢！iiii]; )
When I visit America I like to see my old friends. This is Sergei, a Russian friend of mine for 20 years who is a fitness guru and trainer. Here he tells my sons over lunch about coming to America 20 years ago not able to speak English and starting a business and being successful
去美国的时候，我喜欢看望我的老朋友。这是Sergel,我认识了20年的俄国朋友，他是健身大师和教练噢。看，吃午饭的时候他正在告诉我的儿子关于他的经历呢，20年前他来到美国不会说英语，但是却开创了自己的事业，并且获得了成功
Think you can handle "the chair"? Tweet me throughout the show to PUSH when you love a performance. TheVoice
你们可以控制我的座椅么？节目中遇到你们喜欢的表演，请发推特告诉我让我转身。TheVoice
I told Ismail ambiguously that our actions were the minimum that public opinion would tolerate.
我含糊地告诉伊斯梅尔说,我们的行动是我国舆论所能容许的最低限度的行动
The sign of maturity is not when you start speaking big things， But, actually it is, When you start understanding Small things.
成熟的标志，不是会说大道理，而是你开始去理解身边的小事情。....欢迎参与交流
MyCat (The Daily Cat Post): Bobo is a very gentle female cat. Because of that, she's often bullied by her husband!
MyCat每日一貓： 波波是一隻很斯文的貓女，就是因為这樣，她經常被老公欺負
Ricky Martin说："There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
" “有三种方法可以把事情做完：自己做，雇某人帮你做，或者禁止你的小孩做。”（13小时前
Maria and I took our son Pace to look at a college of Art and Design www.scad.edu. Kids have different strengths and interests.  Schools like this allow young people with artistic talent to find their best path and to flourish as people.  They learn real world skills. Awesome!
玛丽亚和我带我们的儿子佩斯去参观了一所艺术与设计大学(www.scad.edu). 孩子们天资各异，兴趣广泛。这样的学校可以让具有艺术天赋的人找到自己的最佳途径，绽放绚烂人生。他们会学到现实世界中的技能。好极了
I took this photo of my son Robert talking to my daughter Annabel right before the National Day fireworks started in Hong Kong harbor.  The photo came out perfect with them also under the historical photo of Hong Kong.  It gave me a great sense of the past, present and future!!!
香港海港国庆烟花正要播放之前，儿子Robert正在和女儿Annabel说话的时候，我抓拍了这张照片！照片效果真灵，背景是一张香港历史照片。让我想起了很多关于过去，现在和将来的事
Something to help you sleep or feel dizzy. What effect does it give you?
些事来帮助你睡眠或感到头晕。它给了你什么影响
This is Robert. As for all 4 of my kids, I will make sure he has my love everyday, the best education and total confidence. I will also teach him about business, investing, books, movies, sports and how to treat people well. With that, he will make the world a better place
这是Robert。我有四个孩子，我要确保他每天能感受到我的爱，能够得到最好的教育，并且信心十足。我也会教他关于商务，投资，书籍，电影，运动各方面知识以及还有如何更好的待人处事。具备了各方面的技能，他将会把世界变得更加美好
I now have to see them as my teachers. Those comments help me practice compassion and tolerance. :)
我现在把他们看作是我的老师，这些评语帮助我学会怜悯和忍耐。 :)
Cold outside? What can be better to eat hotpot! Secret health-preveserving menue from Cixi--chrysanthemum hotpot!
外面天寒地冻啊！里面热气腾腾的火锅冬季大美啊。让我们学慈禧养生，吃菊花火锅吧
Try to exercise in the morning, everyone should just do some exercise in the morning, even if it's 10 to15 minutes, three to five days a week. During this time, if you don’t eat anything, your body uses fat as an energy source.Take me for example,I run almost every morning:
晨练是非常有效的减肥塑身方法,每个人都应该在早上锻炼身体。保持每天早上10-15分钟,每周3~5天。空腹更能帮助你燃烧脂肪,达到良好的塑身效果。我几乎每天早上都跑步的:
enthusiasm means a craving heart for learning,once a day to retrospect as well as my actions.cherish every day in my life,cuz the day past has gone forever.
我做不了大成者三省吾身，就睡前自省一下是不是过得比昨天充实，对的起自己的时间就可以了。碎觉。切水果只切地雷不切果[月亮]晚安
To you, my D, you present yourself to me. you present me to myself.
给你，我的凯，你把你给了我，你把我给了我。
If life is a quilt, then love should be a thread. It can hardly be seen anywhere or anytime, but it’s really there. Love is inside.
如果生活是一床被子，那么爱就是其中的线。你不可能随时随地看到它，但它实实在在地存在着。爱是内在的
In fact I might not make it to the toilet in time
便秘者订做的厕所，他一坐上马桶，就吓屎了
His father emptied sacks of stale rye bread into the vat.
他父亲把一袋袋发霉的黑面包倒进大桶里。
I was just praying and look who showed up on the bed sheets Mr.Butterfly
我刚刚还在祈祷呢，快看看谁出现在我的床单上了——蝴蝶先生
Ricky Martin说："what's meant to be will always find its way" #proven#
注定要来的，终究会到来。”#已证实# （3小时前
He said the party learned from its mistakes and today is leading the Chinese to a victorious future.
他说，共产党从错误中吸取了教训，如今正领导着中国走上胜利的未来。
From Twitter: to all Chinese guys: i'm on Weibo now :-) my messages here are translated into chinese for Weibo
给所有中国车迷，我在微博上了，我在推特上的信息会被翻译成中文发在微博上
These couple days I haven't wrote that much cuase I've been busy, tomorrow I'll try to write more. "Thanks for your support, I need it!" -Chelsey
这几天写得比较少因为我一直在忙碌，明天要多写写。“谢谢你的支持，我需要！”-麦小龙
Sorry but ""Mr.Mai's" classes will be postponed until after spring festival, just been too busy.  What topic are you guys most interested in?
不好意思，"麦老师"的课要改到春节后才会开始，这段时间实在太忙了。你们最感兴趣什么话题呢?
After 30 days of no haircut my hair.is like a “wild animal”！ Haha
有30天一直没理发，头发像“野生动物”一样！哈哈
To Jen senbeach: actually your comment is nasty. (especially considering longer nails come into good use when playing guitar.)
对Jen senbeach说：说实话你的评论有点恶心。（特别是提到长指甲在弹吉他的时候很有用
At least 6 dead, 100 injured in metro-bus crash in Argentina
阿根廷发生火车和公交车相撞事故 至少上百人受伤
Today The Chief was in Century Park in Shanghai. A kid was flying his kite with his father and it got caught way up in the tree. I climbed the tree and was able to get the kite. The kid and father were so happy! A crowd was afraid, but no worries.  The Chief is a good climber!
今天老大去上海世纪公园玩。一个小孩和他的爸爸放风筝，可风筝被刮到树上去啦。我爬到了树上，拿到了风筝。孩子和爸爸非常的开心。围观的一群人可担心老大啦。但是别担心，老大是个攀登高手
The west coast prince of rap mr Kendrick Lamar Approved. By snoop n Dre !!!
获得我和Dre首肯的西海岸说唱王子Kendrick Lamar先生
jus touched down n india n heard that tha US has more land, but indias got 4x more people
刚刚抵达印度，听说美国的国土面积要比印度广，但是印度的人口却是美国的4倍
your sights are set on a new romantic partner, today's a good day for research.
如果你正在寻找爱情的另一半，今天就非常适合。
my cake def not as nice looking but let's see how it tastes after a few hours setting in the fridge... Raw desserts have no milk, sugar, eggs, wheat, all natural!
没有网上那么漂亮:-) 但是放在冰箱几个小时再看味道怎么样吧。生机营食没有牛奶，糖，鸡蛋，麦，非常自然和原味。
The factory collapse in Bangladesh & the resulting loss of life is devastating.
孟加拉国的一家工厂倒塌了，由此产生的人员伤亡是灾难性的
This is my two daughters with their very blonde Swedish friend in the middle.  I love the contrast of their dark hair with her totally white hair.  So cute!!!!
这是我的两个女儿和中间她们的一位金发碧眼的瑞典朋友。我喜欢这个对比，女儿们黑色的头发而她完全金色的头发。多可爱呀
Dad took a pin and pinned the flower to his coat.
爸爸取出一枚别针,将花别在他的外衣上
"Lost man everywhere is struggling hungrily, blindly, confusedly to find his way back to that lost Eden which haunts the human heart." Kevin Hart, Window of Illumination
失落的人到处都是如饥似渴地挣扎，盲目，稀里糊涂地找到他的方式回到萦绕在人的心脏，失落伊甸园。凯文·哈特，照明窗
Pirates hijack Panama-registered cargo ship with 24 Chinese sailors on board
突发事件】一艘有２４名中国船员的散货船遭海盗袭击
I believe in Happiness. I believe that everyone should be as Happy as they can and make as many people as possible to be Happy. Many people need more Happiness, so get busy and make yourself and others Happier as best you can. I also believe Coca-Cola brings moments of Happiness!
我信仰快乐。我认为每个人应该尽可能得享受快乐而且应该尽可能使更多人快乐。很多人都需要更多的快乐，为自己的幸福而努力吧让自己和他人更加快乐幸福吧。我也相信可口可乐给大家带来了快乐时刻
happy new year to all our micro scooter fans ... especially all who made all our safety trainings so much fun and i mean not just the kids but also the great parents [ok]
新年快乐所有米高的粉丝们！感谢大家对安全训练活动的支持，无论是小朋友还是大朋友，祝大家新的一年更多欢乐
Another night out in NYC with instatam . What's not to like?
和Instatam在纽约的另一个夜晚。还有什么不满的
I know that love shall not be compared, but I still used to complaining what he is lack of.
我知道感情不能拿来比较，但无意中还是习惯用他拥有的来抱怨他所缺少的
In China so many people smoke. This is their choice. I want to know why I see many adults smoking near children. Children don’t have a choice. Who agrees with me?
在中国很多大人抽烟。这是他们的自由选择。我想知道为什么我看到这么多大人跟孩子附近抽烟。孩子没有一个选择。谁跟我同意
somebody really wanted a roomba... this happened in like 30 minutes
某人真的需要一个吸尘器 ...这个大约发生在30分钟内
To MichaelStarrr： so can I quit my job and be your guys' roadie?
对MichaelStarrr说，所以我能放弃现在做的工作, 为你们的演出打工么
Learning to handle uncertainty and stress in a way that minimizes anxiety and maximizes creativity is a valuable life tool.
学习处理不确定性和压力的方式,在尽量减少焦虑和创造力最大限度生命是宝贵的工具。
Counting Crows are coming back to New Zealand and Australia this Spring.
我们今年春天会回到新西兰和澳大利亚开唱。
The men exercised on a treadmill after each exposure and control period.
在每次控制时间的暴露之后,这些人在踏车上运动。
Huge win for us tonight! Need the same focus and effort tomorrow night in Dallas..
今晚赢得太漂亮了！明天晚上在达拉斯也需要同样的专注和努力..
So much wind in Beijing today. Feels like my office building is moving.
在北京今天这么多的风。感觉就像我的办公室大楼就搬家了
Today is Teacher's Day in China. I'd like express my gratitude to all teachers and their special contributions. Education is very important to us at Intel, which is why we started the Intel Teach program. 2M teachers have already been trained across China.
今天是中国的教师节，我想对所有老师表示敬意，感谢老师们特别的贡献。对英特尔来说，教育是非常重要的事业，这正是我们开展“英特尔未来教育”项目的初衷。如今，该项目已经在中国培训了约200万教师。
Despite their strong fundamentals, emerging countries still feel vulnerable in the face of the West’s economic weakness, policy shortfalls, and political paralysis.
新兴国家有着强劲的基本面，但在面临西方世界经济疲软、政策缺陷以及政治瘫痪时，它们依然不够强大。
Scaring is a tough job, but someone’s got to do it.
吓人不是一项简单的工作，但总有人得要去做
She's NOT in that picture, you mooks! That's just a picture I took during FieldReport (sigh) -- we're headed to Bend
她不在那张照片里，笨蛋！那只是我在FieldReport上公布的某个巡演期间拍的一张照片--我们正前往
All are inoffensive as opposed to products of methane, carbon dioxide formed under strictly anaerobic conditions.
这些都没有毒性,这与严格地在厌氧条件下形成的甲烷、二氧化碳的情况相反
TW：15 years Siwon was attacked by 3 requiring money adults in forest near chamsil Lotte world. But Siwon won by taekwondo
大致：崔始源十五岁的时候在乐天世界附近的树林被三个人袭击勒索，但是始源用跆拳道战胜了他们
We're now on Cinemagram. Download the app and use some exclusive LP footage to create your own cinemagrams. http://t.cn/zWBy5fl
我们正在使用Cinemagram，快来下载这个应用程序，使用LP独家镜头来制作属于你自己的Cinemagram吧。
Need some new musical inspiration for the studio.  Any suggestions?
要进录音室了，需要一些新的音乐灵感。你们有什么建议吗
Tickets for my show at The Bushnell in CT are on sale now.  It's being taped for a PBS special, so will be fun! -- http://t.cn/zl17yRI
我在康涅狄格州的The Bushnell艺术中心的演出门票现已开售。这场演出会被录制为美国公共电视网的特辑节目，所以一定会很有趣的
Many groups of objects may be replaced by relatively few shared objects once extrinsic state is removed.
如果删除对象的外部状态,那么可以用相对较少的共享对象取代很多组对象
Me and my baby, she's gorgeous right? She's with me every place I go.
宝贝和我的合影，她是不是好美啊 她每天在我身边。
it's a doubt if there're aliens are not now,what human being has to do is to explore the other planets,if we successfully land other planets,then we'll know everything about it,we're aliens for them in this way.It's a pity that our tech has not reached this high yet. English time
外星生物入侵】世界末日说之一就是外星人入侵地球。英国著名科学家霍金曾警告说，外星文明可能会为了资源入侵地球。但美国的塔特说：“我不赞同这一说法。如果外星人来到这里，应该只是为了探索。考虑到宇宙的年龄，我们很可能不会是他们首批发现的智慧生物
One of the best things about Coca-Cola is no matter where I am in the world I can find it.  Even in a remote island in Indonesia, I can take a pause and share a Coke and feel like I am at home.  Just like billions of other people around the world.  Love it!!!!
可口可乐最美妙的一点是无论我在世界任何地方都可以找到它。甚至在印度尼西亚的遥远小岛上，我都可以歇一下来杯可口可乐感觉就像在家一样，正如世界上亿万人们一样。我爱可口可乐
The opinion of the customers I spoke to is consistent.  Business is ok but continued  concern about the future.
拉丁美洲客户对现时经济状况的看法大同小异：生意暂时没受到影响，但均对远景表示担忧。
Gotta new baby today ! 9 weeks old I call em "Fat Fat"
今天拥有一个新宝贝啦！它才9周岁，我叫它"
She gave her luggage to a porter and showed him her ticket. To her horror he said that she was two hours too soon.
她把行李交给搬运工并给他看了车票。搬运工说她早到了两个小时，她听后大吃一惊。
And for the record, he dropped out of grad school. Bit of a late bloomer.
根据记载,他是研究生时辍的学,开化得稍晚了些。
One month until the season premiere of NBC The Voice! Shak
距离NBC台的《美国之声》新一季的开始只有一个月了！Shak
He who can conceal his joys is greater than he who can hide his griefs.
能隐藏欢乐的人比能隐藏悲痛的人更了不起
I got in the big old wide-bottomed tub with the lion's feet.
我爬进那只宽底粗脚的老式大澡盆里。
Myolie's Fashion Time - Her glass slippers were given by Swank  a few years ago.MyFashion
今天穿了很美的玻璃鞋，是Swank幾年前送給我的，上面有很多閃閃的水晶，好美
In ancient Japan public contest were held in which the person who can fart loudest and longest could be the winner of the event.
读奇闻—学英语】在日本古代，人们定期举办放屁大赛，屁放得最响、最长者胜出。获胜者将获得巨大的荣誉和丰厚的奖金
Cola was first introduced in China in 1927.  Now we have over 50,000 Coca-Cola system employees in China and we provide many times that in additional employment for customers who sell our products. We try to invest and grow our business and employment opportunities over time
可口可乐在中国首次推出是在1927年。现在我们在中国拥有超过50,000的可口可乐员工,而且为销售我们产品的客户多次提供额外的就业机会。随着时间的推移，我们尝试投资以及增长我们的业务并且提供更多的就业机会。Coca
Watching "Clueless" on TV and I swear Stacy Dash looks the exact same now if not better!
在电视上看《独领风骚》，我发誓Stacy Dash看起来还是那么美
Both UNICEF and Family Health International say they hope to expand their partnership into more countries in the future.
联合国儿童基金会和家庭健康国际组织都说,他们希望将来在更多的国家来扩展他们的合作
the Journey#See what it looks like when you are on board and it rains.
看看下雨时，灰机周围的风景吧！原来外面是这样
I've got fond memories of Newcastle being 1 of the best RnR cities in the UK. I hope things haven't changed much. Been awhile. iiii]; )'
我还记得纽卡斯尔是英国最棒的摇滚城市之一。希望这里的一切变化不大。距离上一次来这里已经有一段时间了。iiii]; )
Here's a pic from the set! Do you like my hair better long or short?! ;-)
这是我在拍摄现场的照片！你们更喜欢我长发还是短发?! ;-)
Really sad news; RIP Clive Burr. Played on my fav Iron Maiden records.
非常让人伤心的新闻；安息吧Clive Burr。播放我最爱的
I only censored myself there because I felt like actually saying it would be truly awful.
我只审视我自己，因为我感觉到实际上这么说会真的很早糟糕
The 21st isn't the end of the world, its the rebirth of ours.
21号不是世界末日，是我们世界的重生。
I believe happiness is having 100% positive thoughts, what do you guy's think happiness is?
我觉得快乐就是100%积极的思想，你们觉得"快乐"是什么呢
data is the tech trend shaping our future but a shortage of talent is a problem. According to McKinsey, the US now faces a shortage of people to embrace this trend. This is an opportunity for universities  and companies such as Intel to lead. http://t.cn/zlNuD7f
大数据是改变未来的重要技术趋势之一，但人才匮乏可能是一个问题。麦肯锡的报告说，美国正面临这方面的人才短缺，或不能拥抱大数据趋势。对于大学教育和英特尔等技术公司来说，我想这是一个可以引领未来的机会。http://t.cn/zlNuD7fBig
For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD.
耶和华说,我的意念,非同你们的意念,我的道路,非同你们的道路
4％。Greece’s new national unity government has submitted a draft austerity budget for 20-12 to the parliament. The government has predicted that its budget deficit will fall sharply next year, helped by a bond write-down.
希腊联合政府18日向议会提交了2012年预算草案。根据新政府提交的第一份预算草案，希腊2012年将在经济连续衰退四年后首次实现原始财政盈余，财政赤字占国内生产总值的比例将从今年的9％下降到
Who is excited for NBA season to begin? What's your team?
谁期待NBA新赛季的开始呢？你支持哪支球队呢
She said my music inspires people, when the truth is, it's people like you who inspires me.
她说我的音乐激励你们 当我觉得是你们激励我和我的音乐。
If happy ever after did exist,I would still be holding you like this,and all these fairytales are full of shit,one more fu#cking love song i' ll be sick.
如果童话的完美结局真的存在,我就该像以前那样抱着你.但童话故事都是骗人的,再多来一首该死的爱情歌曲我就要吐了.
General Zhang advised that Chinese Mainland,Taiwan,Japan and USA should analyse and study the history of the disputed island,the result is that the island belongs to China.
張將軍今天幾日關註最後建議中國大陸，臺灣，日本和美國共同研究下釣島的歷史，就知道其實它的確是中國的固有領土。
It was a sunset that singularly fitted the scene, combining in audacious colour with the river's strength.
这一次日落把景物映衬得格外奇妙,它以狂放的格调与河流的气势溶为一体。
Steve Jobs said so many interesting things that were so right. One of the amazing things he said was that life is short and you have the obligation to make the most of it. Everyday you have to live like its your last. If you are not making the most of it, you must make a change
Steve Jobs说了很多有趣的事情而且是如此的正确。他曾惊人得说生命是短暂的，你有责任最大程度使自己生活的充实，每一天你都要把它当成你的生命最后一天来过。如果你没有很努力充实得生活，那你必需改变
Honestly, my friends will be here any minute. I have friends I swear!
说真的，我的朋友们马上就到。我有朋友的，我发誓
I assured them it wasn't a real tiger and it wouldn't harm anyone. They didn't think this was funny. Thank GOD they didn't see the shark.
我向他们保证那不是真的老虎，不会伤害任何人的。可是他们并不懂得我的幽默感。谢天谢地，他们没看到我的鲨鱼纹身
Thank you WGCI for having me and thank you for the love Chicago! Xoxo
谢谢WGCI电台邀请我，也谢谢你们的爱，芝加哥的粉丝们！爱你们
Take time off from your computer and relax for a while, remember to work out every day. Yoga, helps me focus and get ready to fight :P.
快起身离开你的电脑放松一会，记得要每天锻炼身体。瑜伽让我更集中精力，为动作戏做好准备。:
Yesterday-10 year anniversary of me winning Idol. Today-nominated in female vocalist category for the CMA's!! YEAH! I promise to earn that!!
昨天是我赢得“美国偶像”冠军十周年，今天我获得了CMA（乡村音乐协会大奖）年度最佳女歌手提名！！耶！我一定要赢，我保证
How was your Chinese New Year Holiday? See a lot of fireworks?
你们的春节过得怎么样？有没有看到很多焰火呢
Hello to everyone in China! We are giving away signed CDs to 2 fans who follow us and share this post! We will announce the winners on Nov 20th. Good luck!
中国的粉丝们大家好！我们将送出两张签名专辑给两位关注我们微博，并转发这条微博的粉丝！幸运粉丝名单会在11.20号公布！祝好运!
Morning Xmas. If that's what you want, and you know it, then there is nothing good or bad within. Enjoy the process and welcome the result.
如果那就是你想要的，只要你清楚记住这一点，就不会在乎中间的好与坏，就不会有好坏之分。享受过程，拥抱结果
A parasite thought to be harmless and found in many people may actually be causing subtle changes in the brain, leading to suicide attempts.
很多人體內都有寄生蟲對身體無大礙，但它同時會讓大腦發生微妙的變化，導致有些人有自殺的傾向
Want to win tickets to see Slash on tour this fall?
想要赢取今秋Slash的演唱会门票吗
Watching The Voice China makes me want to participate, how to sign up! Can foreigners participate?
看完中国好声音，我都想参加了，怎么报名啊！外国人能参与
"If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll keep getting what you're getting.
说：“如果你坚持你正在做的，那么你将会继续收获现在所得到的。
Phone interview: What are benefits of hiring a foreign football coach?
高薪聘请洋教练的好处是什么呢？点击查看视频
Well Charlie—now you know. Go forth and spread the word RT sparrowredhouse your posters are awesome, didnt even know your site/shop existed
好吧Charlie-现在被你发现了。赶紧行动起来，把话放出去吧RT sparrowredhouse你的海报超棒，我以前都不知道你还有网站/商店什么的呢
the moment i met him,i thought he would be my destiny forever.how could i suppose to fall in love with others for he is so kind to me?but elapsed time told me that it was just a long-cherished wish.
遇上那个人的时候，我们以为自己会爱他一辈子，他已经这么好了，我怎可能爱上别人？然而，岁月会让你知道，一辈子的心愿，真的只是一个心愿。—— 张小娴《不如，你送我一场春雨
Urea is commonly used as the source of nitrogen in foliage sprays.
尿素作为氮素给源普遍地应用于叶面喷布。
I was so excited to hit the stage tonight!! Thanks for showing your love and support! NBA Allstar
今晚登台表演很激动呢!! 谢谢你们的喜爱和支持！NBA全明星赛
I believe in the sun even when it’s not shining.I believe in love even when I am alone.I believe in God even when he is silent.——BarlowGirl
即使看不到阳光，我也相信有太阳；即使自己很孤独，我也相信世间有爱；即使自己很无助，我也相信有上帝
Today was a big day.  I beat my tennis coach 6-3.   It was a monumental battle.  I trained my leg very heavy in the gym in the morning, so I did not expect to play well.  But we battled and battled and I won.  Never give up!!!   That's the learning
今天是个大日子。我以6比3击败我的网球教练啦。这是有纪念意义的一场比赛。早上我在健身房做了重量级腿部练习，所以没有期待可以打得很好。但是在接连比赛下，我居然赢啦！永不放弃！！今天学习到了
Is Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady pregnant with their second child -who would be as gorgeous of a baby as their first!?!
吉赛尔·邦辰怀了汤姆-布雷迪的第二个孩子了吗- 那他们第一个孩子得长得多漂亮呀?!?
Seth Rogen can now add 'artistic muse' to his credentials. Ya never know where inspiration will strike (a pose)
现在Seth Rogen可以在他的资历里加上一条啦--有艺术细胞。灵感真是说来就来啊！（摆个
Mustard oils are irritants, capable of causing serious injury to animal tissue.
芥子油是一种刺激剂,对动物组织能够引起严重的伤害
M shows me this picture he took last night, he says ' Again, your daughter makes you sleep.
马爷给我看昨晚他拍的照片，他说「又是女儿哄妈妈睡觉」。
Man in electric wheelchair making a left onto a busy street....Kudos to you sir!
那个电动轮椅上的男人在闹市大街上左行....太佩服你了，先生
People often say love may fade with seasons, but friendships are all year around. —XOXO Gossip Girl.
人们常说爱情会随着季节更迭而退色，但是友谊地久天长。XOXO《绯闻女孩
important new fact will come to light today -- be open to changes in your plans.
一个重要的新消息会在今天公之于众——开明地对待计划中的变化。
His lateness was due to the very heavy traffic on the way.
他之所以迟到是因为路上车辆太多。
Really looking forward to coming to China tomorrow. By the way check out my new Chinese website!
明天即将抵达中国，十分期待这次行程。另外，请大家注意我新的中文官方网站
Moses was faithful as a servant in all God's house, testifying to what would be said in the future.
摩西为仆人,在上帝的全家诚然尽忠,为要证明将来必传说的事
Bring-your-own-device(BYOD)allows employees the flexibility to connect their smartphones, tablets and other devices to corporate IT services which presents great productivity opportunities,but also poses challenges for security. How does your company handle it?
BYOD是英文Bring-your-own-device 的缩写，指员工自由携带自己的设备办公，将他们的智能手机、平板电脑和其它设备接入公司IT服务。这将带来巨大的办公效率提升，但也带来了信息安全方面的挑战。你们公司是如何应对的
In the morning we are slowly starting up, you up yet?
早上的时候我们慢慢启动，你起了吗?
Sometimes I am pondering that I would be drowned by the deep waters, even though I am from the shallow waters. Although I envy your beautiful wolrd, we are in different waters.
有时候我会想，我们是不同水域的动物，虽然我很羡慕你那个世界的美丽，但是浅水区的我一走近，就会被深水淹死。
I know it's not always easy to do well in school. I know a lot of you have challenges in your lives right now that can make it hard to focus on your schoolwork.
我当然明白读好书并不总是件容易的事，我知道你们中的学多人在生活中面临着各种问题，很难把精力集中在专心读书上，Now,
That day got one japanese say that im kawayi(cute )and she also touched my ear ~~
那天有个日本人一直称赞我卡瓦依(可爱）,还碰我的耳朵~~
Making a lil doc RE: Cinema. Nothing like sitting in a dark room and sharing a story with a crowd. RECord your thoughts
在做一个关于电影院的小纪录片.没有什么比一群人坐在小黑屋里分享一个故事更正点的了。记录思想
4 per person if there are 3 passengers in a car.
如果三个人坐一辆车，那么每个人4美元。
Stay off them Bath Salts"  Camp Bisco Music   Arts Festival: - '
远离浴盐'　转发Camp　Bisco　音乐艺术节
Ricky Martin说：How many times is it appropriate 2say "What?" before u just nod & smile because u still didn't hear or understand a word they said? O.o
当你仍然完全不懂对方在说什么的时候，在点头微笑之前问多少次“what？”是恰当的？O.o（3小时前
Hi China!It's your funny girl Beth Behrs! I play Caroline in 2 Broke Girls. I'm so happy to talk to you here!Thanks for watching the show!嗨,
中国!我是你们的开心果Beth Behrs!在《破产姐妹》中饰演Caroline.很开心在这和你们互动!谢谢大家收看该剧!
Off to china for the shanghai masters and the HSBC champions tournament. Looking forward to a good couple of weeks.
我去中国是为了参加上海的大师赛以及汇丰的冠军赛。期待这美好的两个星期.
VOTE for the STILL SWINGIN music video to be Featured Video on Ourzone Magazine! http://t.cn/zWgXpmf
赶快在Ourzone网上杂志为我们的单曲STILL SWINGIN音乐视频投票吧，让它成为精选音乐录影带
Are you guys ready to win my watch and a meet & greet with me?
粉丝们你们准备好来赢取手表同时与我近距离接触吗
Today is leap day.  Women can propose to men.  Go for it ladies, get those lazy men to commit!
今天是闰日。女人可以向男人求婚。女士们加油，让那些懒男人们承诺
Said goodbye to my Alpine Goat pal. Headed home from the farm
和我的阿尔卑斯山羊朋友告别了。从农场返回家中
Nothing will stay on course today, but you can handle a lot of confusing energy.
今天，一切事物都将偏离轨道，但你可以整合大量混乱的潜力。
The premier of Anger Management on FX is soon upon... - “Anger Management"
在FX频道的首映将在6月23日，到时一定会超级棒！ iiii];...
A Texas company says it can take ten years for their foreign workers to become permanent residents.
美国得克萨斯州一公司称，要让他们的外籍员工成为永久居民（拿到绿卡）可能要花10年时间。
New favorite tv show .....Nashville. Great writing, great acting, great music.
我最喜欢的新电视剧.....《下一站歌后》。剧情好，演技好，音乐好
Cosmopolitan China October issue. They interviewed me about my first time experience of wearing an evening gown.
月版。题目：身体第一次的故事。第一篇，叶菲第一次穿晚礼服的感受
When The Chief goes on vacation we love to visit parks and we are always looking for a tree to climb.  Today we went to a Park on the highest point in Hong Kong, above the Peak. Even though it was typhoon signal 3, The Chief and his sons found this awesome tree to climb!!!
当老大在度假的时候，我们喜欢去公园玩而且喜欢爬树。今天我们去了位于香港最高处的一个公园。尽管台风三号已经登陆，可老大和他滴儿子们还是找了一颗大树开始爬啦
The conditions from which she had fled were intolerable, past speaking of, past believing.
她逃离的那个环境令人无法容忍,既不便说明又无法相信。
to ThinkPad on its 20th anniversary! I am also very happy to see Ultrabook bringing more and more designs to the market. http://t.cn/zWl42H9
祝贺联想ThinkPad 20周年！也很高兴看到，越来越多的超极本设计即将上市。http://t.cn/zWl42H9
Found myself attempting to use the  "pinch to zoom" feature on an actual magazine.
发现自己准备在纸质的杂志上面用‘两指收拢来缩放图片’。
Our boys in Sevendust  killin it right now at rockfest !!
在Sevendust我们的兄弟们，rockfest上的表演太棒啦
I'm running out the door to dinner now, but details (and feuding) to follow.
我现在急着出门吃晚饭，随后奉上细节（和较量）。
Your say, your vote! Which city will be the 5th municipality of China
英文论坛：票选 城市猜想：谁会是第五个直辖市
A recent health survey found that 90 percent of respondents were using antibiotics properly last year.
转发微博调查显示近九成市民已会合理使用抗生素，但抗生素使用率相比国际上10%的平均水平尚有距离
Tears are the silent language of grief. (Voltaire, French writer, 1694-1778)
眼泪是无声的、悲伤的语言。(伏尔泰，法国作家，1694-1778)
Today The Chief had a tennis battle with Ronnie Zhang.  You may not know him but he is a fierce warrior who used to be kind of a semi-pro tennis player.  I think he once played in the Nanchang Open and the Jinqiao Open.  The Chief was victorious, but Ronnie will get a rematch!!!!
今天老大和Ronnie Zhang对战网球。你可能不知道他，但是他可是个激烈的勇士，曾类似于一个半职业网球选手。我认为他曾经参加了南昌网球公开赛和金桥公开赛。老大取得了胜利，但Ronnie将获得复赛.
an interesting piece on a "Hardware Renaissance" in Silicon Valley. 3D printers and low-cost components allow entrepreneurs to test a lot of ideas without a lot of money. SV has advantages as a magnet for talent and VC money, but China also has big opportunities here.
最近《纽约时报》有一篇报道，谈硅谷#硬件复兴# 。3D打印机和低成本组件，使得企业家不必投入很多钱，就可以测试许多新想法。诚然，硅谷因其对于人才和风险投资的吸引力而独具优势，但中国在这方面同样有巨大机会
Wow!!! We Day rocks, So many amazing kids, such great energy! Thanks for the warm reception everyone..Joe and I are so happy to hang w/ you!
哇喔!!!WeDay太给力啦,有好多好棒的孩子们,好有活力啊!谢谢每个人的热情接待...Joe和我很高兴能够和你们一起!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
我希望像爷爷那样在自己的睡梦中平静地死去……而不是像他车里的乘客那样又喊又叫
A process used to verify the integrity of transmitted data, especially a message.
用来验证发送的数据，特别是一个信息的完整性的过程
Off to SanFransisco to play a bit of classical music for a nice group of people. :)
前往圣弗朗西斯科为一群善良的人们唱几首经典曲目。:)
Is a popular general purpose, application-development language famed for its readability, sensible design, and comprehensive standard library.
是一个流行的、通用的应用程序开发语言,以其可读性、聪明的设计和全面的标准库著称
He felt antagonism towards his rival and refused to play with him.
他对自己的对手怀有敌意，拒绝与其比赛
Toyota Motor Corp posted a 52% fall in quarterly operating profits Wednesday and gave no annual forecasts, Reuters reported.
据路透社报道，丰田汽车公司11日公布一季度营业利润，同比下滑了52%。该公司未给出年度预期
The red carpet is ready. Shak will be here any moment! ShakHQ
红毯已经铺好啦。夏奇拉将会随时现身！ShakHQ
He will give us a binding rule as to which tariff rate applies to these products.
他将向我们说明适用这些产品关税的约定性规章。
A black figure shaped like a trefoil or clover leaf on certain playing cards.
梅花:某些游戏纸牌上的一种黑色图案,类似三叶形或苜蓿叶形
If I write another book, it will be 140 characters.   iiii]; )'
如果我再写一本书的话，它会只有140个字。iiii]; )
Following a forced service, when the original principal server reconnects mirroring is suspended.
执行强制服务之后,当重新连接原始主体服务器时,镜像便会挂起。
None of the companies doing large-scale Web services-based development are disclosing much about their experiences.
尚未有过任何一家从事大规模的基于Web服务开发的公司过多透露他们的经验。
Your achievements have been noticed by important people. You've earned this acclaim.
你的成就被重要人物注意到了。这是你的努力付出得到的回報
Design the official tour poster for Counting Crows.  Details here
为Counting Crows设计官方巡演海报，点击阅读详情
Premier Wen promises safety top priority in China's high-speed railway technology export
国内新闻］温总理承诺将安全放在高铁技术出口第一位
When minutes become hours,when days become years,and I don’t know where you are,color seems so dull without you.
当分钟成为时钟,当日子成为年岁,我还是不知道你身处何处,失去你后的颜色变得很黑暗.----曲婉婷
Hemadsorbing viruses can be titrated by counting the number of focal areas to which RBCs are absorbed.
具有血细胞吸附力的病毒滴定,可以通过计算吸附红细胞的集中区数来完成
No one really ever talks about how creepy old Ronny McDonald is.
真的从来没有人说过老Ronny McDonald的形象有多可怕么
According to relevant policies and laws, the search results are not shown below.
和谐英语】根据相关法律法规和政策，搜索结果未予显示。
The politicians in Washington can get more votes by holding televised hearings where they vilify the oil companies.
华盛顿的政客们却要举行电视听证会,在会上中伤石油公司,以获得更多的选票
For everyone asking, we're planning a U.S. tour early 2013! Stay tuned to http://t.cn/zWk49De
回答大家的问题，我们会在2013年年初展开美国巡演！保持关注
Mercifully, my mind flitted away into darkness. I heard a distant scream that might have been my own, and passed out.
幸好，我的大脑直接短路进入休眠状态。我听到了远远的一声惨叫，也可能时我自己叫的，然后就晕过去了
"Going with the flow doesn't mean that we don't know where we're going;it means that we are open to multiple ways of getting there.Going with the flow means that we are aware of an energy that is larger than our small selves,and we are open to working with it, not against it.
随波逐流并不意味着我们不知道自己要去哪儿；它意味着我们能够接受殊途同归。随波逐流意味着我们意识到有比我们微小的自我更大的力量，并且我们愿意与之一同努力，而不是反对它。
The police run the two drunks in for causing a disturbance in the street.
警察把两个醉鬼抓了起来,因他们在街上闹事。
To be lost in something you love is better than to win in something you hate.
宁可失败在你喜欢的事情上，也不要成功在你所憎恶的事情上
a lot of theories about why Silicon Valley can’t be replicated elsewhere. One overlooked fact is that non-valley-born founders, be they from the US or other countries, contribute a great deal to SV's success. Diversity is critical to the health of every ecosystem.
硅谷可以复制吗？】有许多理论解释为什么不能在别的地方复制硅谷。一个容易被忽略的事实是：成长在硅谷以外的创业者，不论他们来自美国还是其它国家，也为硅谷的成功做出了大量贡献。相对于每一个产业生态系统的健康成长，多样性是非常关键的。
KISS is OWNING that top banner on iTunesMusic Rock section! Never seen anything like it! - KISS
乐队的专辑占据了iTunesMusic摇滚类页面的最上方位置！以前从没有出现过
Ricky Martin说："the moments that we share will matter more than those we missed.... "
我们一起度过的时光比我们错过的更有意义……” （10分钟前）（新歌#Shine#的一句歌词
Learn how to build security into a real-world Geronimo application using an example that emulates a banking scenario.
使用一个模拟银行场景的示例来学习如何为现实世界的Geronimo应用程序构建安全
Slow start tonight but we finished strong !  Getting better each day ..
开始进展缓慢，但末了，我们仍然打得不错！每天变得越来越强...
I love this Pacer team. They play basketball the way it was intended to be played. Like a TEAM!
我爱步行者队。打球就应该像他们那样打。全队齐心协力共进退
Learn how to protect yourself against crime during this CNY festive season
请大家在过年时期提高警惕，避免成为犯罪的受害者
Two angels on top of the world.  Even above the Jinmao building in the background.
位美丽的天使在世界的顶端！连背后的金茂也在她们的脚下。
Anniversary !! 16 years wit Shante Broadus n I want 16 more !!
周年纪念日！！和Shante Broadus在一起16年了。我还想再过几个16年
After a year of testing, Intel has determined that oil-cooled processors are more energy efficient than air-cooled units, and just as reliable. It seems sort of crazy, but just think about how different the server rooms of tomorrow could be using oil instead fans, etc.
经过一年的测试，英特尔证实使用油为处理器降温，比通过空气降温更高效节能，并且同样可靠。这似乎有点疯狂，但想象一下，未来的服务器机房或许会用油来取代风扇，这将有多么不同
In winter, moisture evaporating from the chalk leaves behind patches of powdery white salt crystals on the surface.
至冬日,水分蒸发,青灰岩恶地形到处都是盐巴的白色粉末结晶,也是一独特景观
A strange place to have a bus stop, but good to see everyone obeying the road rules.
一个陌生的地方有一个公共汽车站,但很高兴见到每个人都遵守交通规则
The jury acquitted the man of theft and he was released immediately.
陪审团宣判其盗窃罪不成立，那人立即被释放。
Praying for everyone that may be in the path of HURRICANE SANDY! Please be safe and follow all directions!
为每一位可能在飓风SANDY路径上的朋友们祈祷！请注意安全，并遵循所有指示
Our producer Jim Stern is doing this very cool series with HBODocs. Tell 'em your stories!
我们的制片人Jim Stern现在正和HBODocs合作弄这一超酷的系列呢。给他们讲讲你的故事
I flew back to Shanghai tonight from Beijing in a very small jet.   I was able to take this photo from the airplane cockpit right before we landed in Shanghai.  Too bad I don't have my iphone 4S yet!!!!  The photo would be much better!!
我今晚从北京飞回上海的时候乘坐了一架非常小的飞机。快着陆前我竟然抓拍到了一张驾驶舱的照片。真糟糕我还没iphone4S，否则这照片会拍得更好呢
Irritating, my internet box is broken gotta buy a new one, which brand should i buy? How much?
讨厌，我的猫坏了要买新的，应该买那个牌子的呢 多少钱?
No one comes within miles of the old kinds for flavor.
现在味道比以前差了十万八千里。
I bet everyone is a silent fan of somebody,mine is the old classmates and ex-coworkers,it's a fun to secretly read their weibo,as she or he doesn't know it.
大家應該都有默默關註的吧，我的是老同學和老同事。默默關註挺過癮的，偷偷的看，靜靜的想
To Ali Puliti, great running into you! Glad you got to meet the camera. :)
对Ali Puliti说，很高兴遇见你！也很开心你见到了我的相机。:)
When people are grouped into societies, they face different kinds of tradeoffs.
当人们被分类进入社会的时候,他们面对各种不同的种类的交易
Calling all editors and voice-over artists! Who's down to get ghostly?
所有的剪辑师和画外音艺术家们！谁想来点惊悚的
While the U.S. International Trade Commission has ruled in favor of Apple in the patent lawsuit, HTC says the decision is actually a victory for the company. http://t.cn/SMv2uDWhat can Chinese firms learn from smartphone patent war?
本次HTC和苹果的诉讼，带给中国企业颇多启示。这场专利战争迫使中国手机企业不得不开始重视专利布局。专家建议中国企业可以在创意专利上加强布局，这些创意类专利的布局并没有什么技术门槛，也花不了太多成本。http://t.cn/SIs8yl
Don't ever forget that this Ice Dew water is from The Coca-Cola Company. That means that it is produced with the highest quality standards and is very safe to drink.  It's also made with a light weight bottle to use less plastic. And it's the official water of The Olympic Games!!
别忘记冰露饮用水也是可口可乐公司旗下的产品噢！那意味着它是以最高品质标准生产，饮用起来非常安全。它采用了环保轻量瓶，减少了塑料的使用。而且冰露是奥运会官方正式饮用水
We were also watching moose and buffalo and eagles on the mountaintop at sunrise. Very beautiful and relaxing.
我们还在山顶的朝阳下观赏了麋鹿，水牛和鹰。景色非常美丽而安闲。
note I sent to the WSJ remembering Ed Roberts, one of the true pioneers of the personal computing revolution - http://sinaurl.cn/hQOqC
发了一篇日记给《华尔街日报》，纪念Ed 罗伯特——一个个人电脑革命的真正先锋。http://sinaurl.cn/hQOqCA
22 years later n I love u like I jus met u Shante thanks or my kids n thanks for holding me down even when I let u down u make me better. Know that!
22年过去了我还是如初见你般那样爱你，谢谢你一直在支持我，即使我有时让你失望但你的爱依然不渝。是你让我成为了更优秀的人，你知道的
Think about what you can do for someone rather than what you can give them today.
今天，应该想想自己能为别人做什么，而不是给他们什么。
Join me this World Humanitarian Day as I do something good somewhere for someone else! One Day. One World. One Message.
在这个世界人道主义日，加入我的关爱活动吧。我正在某个地方帮助一些人！同一天，同一个世界，同一条信息。
Any price changing or new tariff package must be approved by the industry watchdog. Improve your English
任何新的价格变动或整套关税调整都必须经过行业监督部门的批准。
Assyrian art also associates the winged disc with divinity and divine protection of the king and people.
亚述人的艺术也与有翼的圆盘连结,象征着神和神保护国王和人民
With BAM__MARGERA at the SiriusXM station about to play some sweet sounds!
和BAM_MARGERA在SiriusXM电台，马上要播放一些美妙的音乐
Took a guangzhou/canton transport card for beijing,definitely,it failed to work,awesome that peking subway fare is only two yuan no matter how many stations it take.
靠，来北京带了广州的交通卡，刷了半天不管用。一看上面写着羊城卡。郁闷。北京的地铁多远都两块，爽
Gaddafi says not to give up, ready to "die at any moment
利比亚局势】卡扎菲称绝不放弃 随时准备战死
To VeexVenom," wow. You are the ONLY person who got that!  So cool!"
对VeexVenom说，“哇。你真的是唯一知道它的人！好酷呀
In a bit I"m going for a run, you guys will decide how far I run: 10,12 or 15km. Please vote now!
一会儿跑步去了，你们决定我跑多远：10，12，或者15公里。请现在投票
A new round regular season of NBA is going to begin, can Garnett be the starter?
新一轮的NBA常规赛有开始了，不知道加内特能不能首发出场呢
Who's coming to tmw's gig in Milwaukee at BMO? Big homecoming gig for openers FieldReport - I can't wait to play for all their friends.
谁会来明晚Milwaukee BMO的现场演出？FieldReport将为这场大型演出揭开序幕—我等不及为他们的好友表演了。
This knowledge is really beyond the compass of her immature mind.
这门学问确实是超出了她那未成熟的智力范围。
What technologies do you think will still be around in 2030? Some worry the PC won't last, and yet the keyboard has already been around for 300 years. Here's a look at 15 predictions for the technologies that will last.
你认为到2030年，哪些技术还会继续被频繁使用？有人担心PC将不会持续到那个时候。但我注意到，键盘已经被持续使用了300年！下面是关于哪些技术将继续充满活力的15个预测
Oh ! This was such a great movie. How did I miss this all these years? The 36th Chamber of Shaolin
我的天哪！这部电影实在是太棒了。这些年我竟然没看过这部电影？《少林三十六房
Happy Easter everyone, I hope your all enjoying your day with family.
大家复活节快乐，我希望你们都能和家人们度过美好的时光
On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me: Five golden rings, Four calling birds, Three French hens, two turtle doves, and, a Partridge in a pear tree
在圣诞节的第五天我的挚爱送给我五个金戒指，四只啼叫的鸟儿三个法国母鸡，两只斑鸠和一只在梨树上的鹧鸪
To kyle newman: bummer.... I need to mafia kill you soon. Or even just lunch/dinner it. Let's make it happen.
对kyle newman说:你真是懒啊。。。。我要马上找人杀了你。就一起吃个中饭或者晚饭吧。让我们见个面吧。
The year of the dragon begins  very well for me. I am excited for what will come. I wish all my friends on Weibo to have a wonderful 2012!!
龙年开始对我很好。会发生什么，我很高兴。我希望我所有的朋友伟博有一个美好的2012年
I love being able to share what I think and love as a guest editor for iVillage check it out! http://t.cn/zlu6tHK
我喜欢和大家分享我的想法，也很享受在iVillage担任客座编辑，快来看吧
Even in difficult economic times, it is so important for Spain to continue its role as a leader in health & development
尤其在当下经济困难时期，西班牙继续其在健康和发展上的领导角色是如此的重要
Some cheered. Some cried. Some placed bets. Most just watched, with blood in their eyes.
有人欢呼。有人大哭。有人下注。大多数人只是站在那儿看，眼中充满杀气
Done those scenes of being a patient who cried in the bed whole day, all I wanna do is running and screaming...just like the way my cat go
躺病床哭哭啼啼一整天，收工后只想狂奔，我明白我家猫孩子们在家睡一天之后总是会爆冲的原因了。
This is The Chief on his way to the Hong Kong office this morning with part of his team.  Looks like a movie. Hilarious!!!
看！这是老大今天早上和他的一部分团队成员去香港办公室滴路上拍的！看这场面，真像是电影场景哦，多热闹有意思呀
I'm addicted, in your game center add me ,my name is 麦小龙78. Lately been playing fish off, but also tell me some new games and we can play together!
上瘾了，大家在你们的gamecenter加我吧 名字是“麦小龙78".最近玩的是斗鱼，也可以推荐其它的游戏一起玩!
Laurel followed Clementine’s example and climb the chair as she began her speech by saying that Erin would have to catch her, especially after giving her two glasses of wine prior to the closing ceremony.
学着Clementine的样子，也站在椅子上开始致谢幕词，她打趣说要Erin扶着她才行，特别是因为在闭幕典礼开始前已经喝了两杯酒啦。
1. A fellow writer/director. I have no interest in feuding with someone whose knowledge base will require me to Wikipedia their insults.
1. 编剧/导演同行。我可不想跟什么知识领域不同的人较量，没事儿还得上维基看他们到底是怎么骂我的
The US has first successful human face transplant surgery.It went well. [good]
美国全脸移植手术第一人换脸成功。真很不错。
At least 3 killed, 50 injured in plane crash at Nevada air race
美内华达飞机表演时坠入看台 至少3死50伤
I'm just poorly restating the obvious here. And this is probably the wrong forum even for that.
我只是在拙劣地重申一些很明显的事。而且看来这个论坛就是写这个都不行了。
To imnotarobotgirl, no no no! In the best way possible! :)
对imnotarobotgirl说，不不不！尽可能用最棒的办法！ :)
The expression for g can be rewritten in terms of trigonometric sines and cosines.
关于g的表达式可以重写成三角函数的正弦和余弦形式。
After30 years, the mature author was able to refine on the work of his youth.
过去30年，这位作家已经成熟，他可以将年轻时候写的作品修改得更完美了。
These minor changes cause seasonal influenza and explain why reformulation of the influenza vaccine is required every year.
病毒出现这些轻微变异,会导致季节性流感,这也解释了为何流感疫苗须要每年重新调制。
Feel free to go off the beaten path today. Carving out a new way builds confidence.
今天，要大胆地走出一条新路。新的方式能树立信心。
Kobe Bryant is the youngest player in NBA history to score 30,000 career points.  He is age 34.  He is now the 5th leading scorer of all time history in the NBA.  Amazing.  We are lucky to have him work with us on Sprite!!!!
科比布莱恩是NBA历史上获得职业生涯30000分最年轻的球员。他34岁。他现在是NBA历史上第五位头号得分手。太了不起啦！我们很幸运有他为雪碧代言
They stood in silence waiting for the boat, watching the rain pit the sea with tiny craters.
他们默默地站着等小船,注视着雨滴在海面上所击起的小小水窝
NBA owners and players still can’t come to an agreement to end the pro basketball labor dispute. The two sides met for more than eight hours with federal mediator George Cohen in New York on Saturday, but were unable to negotiate a resolution.
在静默了一周之后，NBA新一轮劳资谈判昨天恢复进行。但是在持续了8个半小时的讨价还价之后，双方依然没有达成任何协议，NBA总裁大卫·斯特恩无奈之下发出“最后通牒”。
Did you know that Ricky's book will be translated to different languages? Here's the cover for the german version! #ICH#
你知道Ricky Martin的自传会被翻译成多种语言吗？这个是《我》的德语版《ICH》封面。#瑞奇马丁#
A depression over the Atlantic usually brings bad weather in Britain.
大西洋上空的低气压通常给英国带来恶劣的天气
Your relationships are not exclusive. You must share the people you love in life.
你的关系圈不是孤立的。你必须让自己所爱的人们互相了解
I always buy my Dad a small gift on Father's Day to show him that I really appreciate what he has done for me.
父亲节我总是给我的老爸买小礼物,告诉他我真的感激他为我所做的事情
Son, once you become the president of the Unite States, you will have to sign legislative bills in English, and talk to debt collectors in Chinese!
儿子，一旦有一天你成了美国总统，你就必须要用英文来签署法案，还要用中文跟讨债的对话
Did I offend you with my opinion? Oh well, you should hear the ones I keep to my self.
我的意见冒犯你了吗？或许你应该听听我没说出口的话
To samantha13hughe: I believe in a sincere love for one another that only exists without expectation. - To
samantha13hughe: 我相信真爱的存在，并且这种爱是不带有任何期望的
A good coach and lots of practice make a good team.
一个好的教练和不断的实战造就一支好的球队
Have you copped bigboi's new album yet? Make sure you do!
你们已经购买了bigboi的最新专辑了么？一定要买啊
I am going to steal Jake when Adam Shankman isn't looking. He's my favorite.
在Adam Shankman不注意的时候，我要去把Jake偷走。他是我的最爱。
Your resentment should be directed against the deceivers, not against the dupes.
你的怨愤应该向那些骗子去发泄,而不应该冲着那些受骗的人
A pillion passenger who is inexperienced or nervous and behaves or moves the wrong way or suddenly is dangerous.
电单车后座的乘客如欠缺经验或神经紧张,或不适当或突然的移动,都十分危险
I remember when you used to tuck me in at night,with the teddy bear you gave me that I held so tight.
我记得你曾经在夜晚给我塞好被子,你给我的小熊我紧紧抱在怀里.
Don't expect things to happen. It's better to be surprised than disappointed
不要对生活抱有太多的期待，与其结果失望，不如收获意外惊喜
Excited about spending today working with RealLindaPerry on music... And this time I'm not late! so far so good!
今天一天都会和RealLindaPerry一起做音乐,真是让人激动啊...这次我没有迟到哦!目前为止一切都很顺利!
Even when The Chief is on vacation in Macau with the family he likes to go to the gym everyday.  It removes any stress and makes me feel great!!!
老大喜欢每天健身，就算是和家人在澳门度假也不耽搁。健身可以消除压力，让我感觉棒极啦
is 1 of tha greatest 2 do it ! Keep ya head up.
科比真是最棒的球员之一！继续加油。
Life is all about " one take", no repetition or rehearsal.
每一天都是一遍过，没有重复与预演。
What's going on fans in China? We're excited to be connecting with you all! Keep up and stay tuned for updates…
中国的粉丝们你们都还好吗？我们非常兴奋能在这和你们互动！关注我们并及时了解我们的最新信息吧
China's refitted aircraft carrier platform sets sail for first sea trial
中国航母平台试航后将继续在船厂进行改装测试
about the Argo#people love Argo, and so to see that a film that really engages with people on that gut-level.
人们喜欢这部电影，认为这是一部和许多高层人物有联系的电影。gut
Everyone should know that the best Mexican food in LA is always from the trucks.
每个人都应该知道，LA最正宗的墨西哥食物通常只能在卡车上买到。
Good things come to those who work hard! Sexy Abs Bootcamp Challenge
好事会降临在那些努力健身的人身上！性感腹肌训练挑战营
Suicide bombers attack the British Council in the Afghan capital, killing at least eight people, with the Taliban claiming responsibility. Full story
特大新闻】设在阿富汗首都的英国委员会办公室发生自杀式炸弹袭击，造成至少8人死亡，塔利班声称对此事件负责。
Broken glass, yesterday I broke a wine glass. In my life every time I break something made of glass I'll have good luck right away, strange?
玻璃碎了，昨天把一个玻璃红酒杯子弄碎了。在我生活中,每次不小心的把玻璃产品破碎时候，马上会有很多“好运”的事情发生,奇怪吧
Very early this morning while playing basketball I saw some local guys doing traditional Kung Fu with a sword.  They were happy to teach The Chief some good Kung Fu moves!!!
今天大清早当我在打篮球的时候，看见一些当地人拿着剑在练传统功夫。他们很高兴教了老大一些很漂亮的功夫动作噢
All other logos and trademarks are property of their respected parties.
所有其他徽标和商标都是其相关方的财产。
Your grades at yale were of the highest order.You were popular,you made frieds.
你的成绩在耶鲁名列前茅。你很受欢迎，广交朋友。
Robert is practicing with the big boys in American football today at the local University. I am proud of him.  Even though he is 13, he is practicing with 16 and 17 year olds.  Awesome!!!!
Robert今天在当地的大学和一些大男孩们一起练习美式足球。我为他感到骄傲。尽管他只有13岁，却和16,17岁的孩子们一起练习。真棒
The election of Hong Kong's 4th chief executive was held today. Leung Chunyin won with 689 votes in the first round of voting and becomes the new chief executive.
第四届香港特首选举今日举行，1号候选人梁振英在首轮投票中，取得689票，当选新一届行政长官。
Got up early to do pilates, sorry forgot to shave, you up yet?
早起做普拉提，不好意思忘了刮胡子，你起了没
who got an android? now u can follow me on viddy n see my vids so goget that app!!!!
谁是安卓系统？大家现在可以在viddy上关注我并且观看我的视频，赶紧去下载这个app吧
To MonsterKatyCat: such a great song! Have you checked out the rest of the KillHannah albums?
对MonsterKatyCat说:真是首好歌！你有没有听过KillHannah专辑里其他的歌
When I lived in Indonesia I was an actor on a prime time television drama.  It was so much fun and I donated the money I was paid to my daughter's orphanage. My character's name was Mr. Graham.  I was walking in Hong Kong today and found this street named after my character. Ha!!
当我住在印尼的时候，我曾是黄金时段戏剧频道的演员噢！这经历很有趣，我把挣得的钱都捐给了我女儿的孤儿院了。我的角色叫Graham先生。今天我漫步在香港街头，发现这条街就是用我的角色名字命名的噢！哈
In the stormy week since she had come aboard, the old tub had yet to move.
自从她上船以来,这一星期总是起风暴,这艘破船免不了要晃动
830万美元 - 社会双语 - @翻译帖 -带你看世界  http://t.cn/zOjsuFW  Fast food giant Kentucky Fried Chicken was Friday ordered to pay Aus$8 million(US$8.3 million) to an Australian girl who suffered severe brain damage and was paralysed after eating a chicken wrap.
本周五快餐巨头肯德基已被要求赔偿800万澳元（合计美元830万）给一位澳洲女孩。据悉，此澳洲女孩在食用肯德基的一个鸡肉卷之后脑部便严重受损并且四肢瘫痪。KFC被判赔偿澳洲女孩
This is one of my favorite photos of my daughters.   I will take them to Century Park today.  I hope I don't have to climb any trees again to get anyone's kite!!!!
看这张我女儿们的照片，我的最爱之一。今天我要带她们去世纪公园玩，希望我不要再爬到树上拿风筝啦。
I remember Coby saying people were grabbing his shirt down there
我还记得Coby说人们把他衬衫都扯下来了
In addition to lime and major plant nutrients, soybeans require small amounts of Fe, Mn and Zn.
大豆除需要石灰和主要的植物营养元素之外,还需要少量的铁、锰,锌
Many shelves of books lined the walls. Grief ran over their titles.
墙根摆着一排书架,格里菲浏览着这些藏书的书名。
I am. I spent the entire afternoon with the leader of the Metros in his inner sanctum.
没错。我在他们内部会议上和组织头脑们待了一整个下午。
Today is my second daughter Annabel's birthday.  She is now 9 years old and so smart and beautiful. Attached is the photo of the first day she joined our family, when she was 2 and a photo of her now. She is second from left in both photos.  Amazing.  I am a very lucky man!!!
今天是我的二女儿Annabel的生日。她九岁，聪明而且美丽。下面是她第一天加入我们一家的照片当时才2岁，和她现在的照片。她是照片中左面数起的第二个。真赞！我可真是非常幸运呀
The Italian system can guarantee a high level protection for the first (Serie A ) second ( Serie B) and third (Lega Pro) division players. Lower divisions suffer from a not stable prevention program so lots of players don't receive the right medical check ups before matches.
意大利的医疗制度可以为一二三级（意甲、意乙、意丙）联赛的球员提供高水平的医疗条件和保障。更低级别联赛队员的健康保障却不那么稳定，因此许多球员在赛前并不能接受规范的身体检查
During this time Owen did his best to convert the other men to his views.
在这段时间里,欧文尽力想使别人接受他的看法
Found this online. You guys are so talented!! Love you guys
在网上看到了这张图画。你们太有才华了！爱你们
An aromatic spice made from the dried, waxy, scarlet or yellowish covering that partly encloses the kernel of the nutmeg.
肉豆蔻衣:一种香料,由干燥的、蜡状的、猩红或黄色的果皮制成,这层皮部分地包住了肉豆蔻核语源
Your competitive side is coming out in full force today -- play hard but fair.
今天，你的竞争力将全部展现。所以，努力工作，但也适可而止
Optimists and pessimists deal with the same challenges in very different ways.
乐观主义者和悲观主义者以截然不同的方式对待同样的挑战
What do you say to a person when they tell you to go to bed?
当别人告诉你要去睡觉了，你会对他说些什么
I believe that man is meant as a great experiment whose possible failure of man's own guilt would be paramount to the failure of creation itself.
我相信人类就是一种伟大的试验，它可能因人自身的罪恶而失败，试验的失败也就是创造本身最主要的失败。
Reports that China’s FX position declines fuels concerns about capital outflows
报告指中国的外汇位置下滑，增加了对资金流出的忧虑
the moon is close tonight. love to all that are near.
今晚的月亮离得很近。将爱带给身边的人
Just like his father, baby Milan became a member of FC Barcelona at birth.
跟他老爸一样，小宝贝Milan一生下来就加入了巴塞罗那足球俱乐部。
McDonalds continues to be the "official restaurant of the Olympics." That will never make sense to me.
麦当劳将继续成为“奥运会官方餐厅”。我永远无法理解这一点。
There are many ways to validate content, including simple checksums, encryption and watermarking.
有许多方法可以验证内容,包括简单的校验和,加密和水印技术
Look who stopped in on me in the stu on my last day of recording!!! would u want to hear what a song from us sounds like??
快看看谁在我录歌的最后一天来我的录音室看我来了！！！你们想听听我们合作的歌曲是什么样的吗
Syfl. The love of my life !! Kids kids kids kids - Snoop
青年橄。榄球联盟。我一生的挚爱！！孩子们
Writings on the wall conversation is a mess, cause you can hate me more but you'll never love me less.
有关”不好的征兆“的谈话全都乱套了，因为你可以讨厌我多一点，但你永远都不能爱我少一点。
Moraine Lake is well known as the most beautiful lake for photographing. It is printed on the back of Canada’s 20 dollars. Rowing here, you yourself become a view.
梦莲湖被世界公认为最有拍照身价的湖泊，它被印在加币20元的背面。坐上独木舟，划着划着，自己也成了风景。
RT kat_mcphee: There are some things that can't be unseen... Scroobiuspipyo
转发kat_mcphee的信息：有些事是不能看不见的。。Scroobiuspipyo
Ciao Padova! Last show of the Euro tour tonight. It's going to be a memorable evening. Vediamo stasera! iiii]; )'
你好，帕多瓦市！今晚是我们欧洲巡演的最后一场演出，一定会令人难以忘怀的。今晚不见不散！iiii]; )
In the midst of writing my June 5th speech for the Apple store at Xidan. You guys gotta come, I need your support! Starts at 7 in the evening.
在写我六月５号西单苹果店的演讲。大家一定要来，需要你们的支持！晚上７点钟开始。
Just finished the server meeting. A very exciting group of products for the next two years.  We concluded our managers do not know enough about servers and that we will take a server seminar series for all our geo managers.   We all need to get smart.
刚开完关于服务器的会议。未来两年将会推出一系列激动人心的产品。我们将为公司经理组织服务器产品研讨会，以加强大家对服务器产品的了解。我们都学习起来吧
Breakfast with blackberry on the side. Egg whites, salmon, and multi-grain toast.
黑莓手机的旁边是我的早餐：蛋白，三文鱼和多麦土司。
art department made almost 350 paintings of leaves and moss to create the beautiful landscapes in Brave.
我们的艺术部门同事仅仅针对树叶和青苔就绘制了约350张图画，才创作出
6.The movie actors on the screen danced“suggestive steps which would bring the blush of shame to the cheeks of any decent woman
那些银幕上的电影演员跳起舞来“带着猥亵的暗示，任何正经的女人看了那种舞步都会羞得脸发烧
This World Humanitarian Day I’m doing something good, somewhere, for someone else. Join me!
今年的世界人道主义日，我正在某个地方为一些需要帮助的人尽我的一份心意。来加入我们吧
Today I was traveling back from Beijing and somehow I ended up in the front of the plane while one of my colleagues ended up in the back.  I went to check on him through the "curtain" and he snapped this photo.   Everyone in the back of the plane was staring at me.  Hilarious!!
今天我从北京出差回来啦，在飞机上，不知怎么滴我就走到了机舱的前面而我的同事却跑到了机舱后面。我想掀开帘子看看他是不是在那，被他抓拍了张照片。每个坐在机舱后面的人都盯着我看。真有意思呀
A study appears to suggest eating chocolate improves a nation's chances of winning Nobel Prizes. But does cocoa really hold the key to genius?
雅思名师 康志刚：吃巧克力能让人聪明吗？一项研究表明吃巧克力会提高一个民族得诺贝尔奖的几率。
Let your mind free, don't trap your heart though.. don't let your eyes bleed, watching the time go..
让思想自由，但是不要禁锢心灵...不要让眼睛流血，看时光流逝..
My one-year experience is a big advantage over the other applicants for the job.
一年的工作经验使我比其他面试者更加有优势应聘这份工作
Is our body most important or our career, actually everyday I've been thinking about this problem, After a couple years what will happen to our bodies?
身体还是事业重要呢？其实我每天在考虑这个问题，住在北京的事业机会最多可是对身体最差，过了几年之后我们的身体会怎样呢
Brain Study. If you can read this article, you have a strong mind, and a very good English reading ability. I was able to read very easily, how about you?
大脑研究。如果你能读到这篇文章,你有一个坚强的心态,和一个非常好的英语阅读能力。我能很容易看得懂,你呢
No matter who you are or what you look like, everyone can find true love and happiness.
不管你是谁或你的样子,每个人都能找到真爱和幸福。
Today's lucky student is Tiny Hu and the lucky number is 2 ! We have prepared more gifts for the coming days. Hope you would be the next winner!
今天的幸运号码是2号，幸运儿是Tiny Hu。我们今天又为接下来的几天添加了礼物，希望您会是下一个得奖者
He understood at once that he was the logical man to succeed Duluth as squadron commander.
他立即意识到,由自己来接替杜鲁斯担任中队长是合乎逻辑的
Getting glammed up for The GRAMMYs! Gotta dress to impress ;-)
为格莱美做好准备！打扮好要惊艳全场 ;-)
Tracer techniques give information about structure and reactions in solid state physics.
示踪法技术在固态物理学方面给出有关结构和反应的信息
Progress in every branch of radar was constant and unceasing during 1939.
自从1939年以来,雷达的每个部分的技术一直在继续不停地发展
Don't look down on people and take things for granted, you are nothing but also a human being.
你把人家当宝，人家把你当草」，这些人忘了草就是宝，这地上要没了草，都要成沙漠的。
Ummm...it's snowing. Maybe I need to rethink the whole "long walks in a blizzard" thing (shrug)
下雪了。也许我应该再好好想想“在暴风雪中长途跋涉”这件事
Tom Robinson was probably the only person who was ever decent to her.
可能只有汤姆·鲁宾逊一个人对她彬彬有礼
I enjoyed this beautiful city,but sighed that she does not belongs to me.
我看着这个美丽的城市，叹息它并不属于我。
Hearing amazing music inspires me to aspire to make amazing music. You follow?
听好音乐总是能够激励我自己也做出好音乐。你认为我说的对吗
Season over but the ride ain't. Lake show rip Jerry buss. !
赛季结束了，但是旅途没有。湖人队的老总Jerry buss，安息吧
When you treat a conflict like a puzzle, you put yourself in a powerful position.
当你用解谜般的态度对待冲突时，就把自己摆在了一个强势的地位
Thank u to UniquelyUSummit for inviting me out today. I really had a great time
UniquelyUSummit谢谢你今天约我出来。我真的度过了一段非常愉快的时光
AMSTERDAM killed it! Who wants to go to Amsterdam in their lifetime?!
阿姆斯特丹太棒了！谁想在有生之年去一次阿姆斯特丹
Dear all band wagon jumping Lakers fans: NO..... - Dwight Howard
的粉丝都跳成湖人队的粉丝了：不。。。
A woman at whole foods told me I'm living in her body and its not fair sweet yet weird compliment
一个在whole foods超市的女人告诉我，我活在她的身体里，这种赞美不可爱，反而有些奇怪
Premier Wen visits toddler injured in high-speed train crash in hospital
国内新闻】温总理到医院看望了在高速火车撞车事故中受伤的幼童
How do you get girls to remember you？Just buy them some scented soap so each time they shower, they will remember you
怎么让女孩子记得你呢？就送她们香皂，每次洗澡的时候她们肯定会想到你咯
Was up world starting up the tour again! Amped up for the first show!!   Wyoming is in for it.... JS
世界巡演开始啦！首场演出太兴奋了！！它就在美国怀俄明州。。。JS
Using only oak makes contrast to the dominating concrete walls. Architects just want to leave enough blank area for high school students' nature, right?
只用橡木装饰和大片主色的水泥墙形成反差。建筑师是想为高中生的天性预留足够的留白吧，你觉得是吗
Until today germanium is the present substance on earth with no exception.
直至今天锗才毫无异议地成为地球上是纯净的物质
Our friends just launched a new site. Go submit a song and win a guitar and mic!
我们的朋友刚开创了一个新网站。赶快上传歌曲来赢得吉他或是麦克风吧
The resistance movement started a campaign of terror against the colonial rulers.
抵抗运动开展了一场反对殖民统治者的恐怖活动。
DONT download the Simpsons mobile phone game, you will become addicted!  I'm done with, it's all over for me!
千万不要下载＂幸普森一家＂手机游戏，你会上瘾了！完了我，完了
This was shot last year, my style right now isn't this crazy, if its too much you can turn off the sound and watch my facial expressions!
这是去年拍的，现在我风格不是这么“疯”，如果大家觉得太过的话你们可以这样，把声音关掉了看我表情就好了，去试试吧
Watch for plotters -- people are doing things that they should not be doing today.
对密谋者加以警惕，人们所做的事情并不是他们今天应该着手的
Don’t part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist,but you have ceased to live.
不要放弃你的幻想。当幻想没有了以后，你还可以生存，但是你虽生犹死。——马克•吐温
Ridin w the crew deep in the back of a pick up truck, celebrating on the streets of Bangkok after an EPIC show.
在一场精彩的演出后，在曼谷的街道开着车和团队人员在接送车的后座庆祝
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win." Stephen King
怪物是真实的，鬼魂也实在。他们住在我们里面，有时，他们赢了。“斯蒂芬·金
Stop worrying so much. Worry will not strip tomorrow of its burdens, it will strip today of its joy.
不要杞人忧天。烦恼并不会减少明天的负担，却会失去今天的快乐。[阳光]早安
China to play active role in Libya's post-war reconstruction: FM spokeswoman
外交部：中方愿在互利共赢基础上，为利比亚重建发挥积极作用
And then back in 1992, ten years ago already, I was baptized in Cambridge UK, in Cambridge ecclesia.
接下来在1992年,距离今天已经十年了,我在英国剑桥的剑桥教会里受洗
SMOKEY ROBINSON and PHIL RAMONE! A dream come true!  - SMOKEY
ROBINSON和PHIL RAMONE，有你们参与到我专辑的制作...
iPhone 5 cases are starting to show up.  They confirm thinner, rounded back and bigger screen.   To be announced next month.  Cant wait!!!
关于iPhone 5的消息开始频频出现啦。他们确认它将会更加薄，边角圆润，而且屏幕更加大。下个月就发布啦。真是等不及了
Are you 100% pure man? If you are cool, if not then you need to eat more 100% pure beef burgers!
你是100%纯爷们儿吗? 如果是纯爷们儿的话那就不错，如果不是的花，那要多吃点100%牛肉汉堡
Really moved me, today was the first day my nephew fell asleep on me, made me feel like a successful nanny! I almost cried, If it was you, would you have cried?
感动了，今天是第一次侄子在我身上睡觉了，好有“奶爸”成就感！差点哭了，如果是你的话，会哭吗
first time riding the line 6 subway, guys help me out which station is closest to Sijiqing bridge?
兴奋，第一次坐6号线地铁，大家帮忙哪个站离四季青桥最近呢？Excited,
better division of the cake PK making the cake bigger,which model will be implemented eventually.
蛋糕分的更均和蛋糕做的更大，最終采用哪種模式拭目以待。
Thanks to "The World Passport" support, now I'm by myself travelling, suddenly I feel all alone.
感谢"环球护照"剧组的支持，现在是我一个人旅游，突然感觉很有点孤单呢
Irony is the song of the bird who has come to love its cage."
讽刺就是一只爱上自己笼子的鸟所唱的歌
It isn't the burdens of today that drive men mad.It is the regrets over yesterday and the fear of tomorrow.Regret and fear are twin thieves who rob us of today.
导致人们疯狂的往往不是今日的沉重，而是对昨日的懊悔和明日的畏惧。懊悔和畏惧像一对孪生的窃贼，偷走了我们的今天
Further life improvement advice: get a dog.  If you love a dog they will love you back unconditionally.  That's true of Cooper for us. It's hard to say that about the people you love.
进一步改善生活的建议：养一只狗。如果你爱它，它会无条件的爱你。对我们来说，Cooper就是这样。而那些你爱的人，却未必如此
Mya thinks she is one with the couch. She has got magic! She really thinks I can't see her!
Mya以為我看不到她。Mya覺得她和沙發是合在一起！哈哈哈哈哈
How you live matters. You’re going to fall down, but the world doesn’t care how many times you fall down, as long as it’s one fewer than the number of times you get back up.
你们如何经营人生至关重要。你们将会摔倒，但世界并不关心你们摔倒过多少次，只要你重新站起来的次数比摔倒的次数多一次就行了。【励志语录
London, London, London! Thank you for an unforgettable night. Can't wait to play one more next week.  Always a highlight.
伦敦伦敦伦敦！感谢你们给我们带来如此难忘的一晚。等不及下周再来一场演唱会了。每场演出都是这么精彩。
wat up baltimore !! perfomn at tha moonrise festival on 6/9 ! http://t.cn/zTEZyzr
巴尔的摩的朋友们好!!我将与6月9日在月光节上表演!
Can't get enough of this lil ball of fur! So happy to have her with me!
这个小毛球真让人爱不释手！很开心有她陪伴在我身边
Which was your favorite single from my album 'In The Zone'?
你们最喜欢我的专辑《流行禁区》中的哪首歌曲呢
I'd just like to point out that Mr. Petergould wrote and directed this week's Breaking Bad, and absolutely destroyed it.
我就是想指出来Mr. Petergould编剧执导了这周的《绝命毒师》，彻底“毁”大了。
"When you're jamming MIA this is how you pose I guess? Lol bad girls do it well!" - "
当你在唱MIA的歌的时候，我想这就是你如何摆造型的？哈哈坏女孩都做的很棒!
I just arrived back in Beijing! Today I flew 13 hours. I am a bit tired now.
北京我回来了! 我刚飞的十三个小时。现在我很累。
His voice was barely audible above the noise of the machinery.
在机器的轰响声中，他的声音几乎听不到
Jacoby loves to surf!!     Thanks to Paris Visone Photography for the shot!
Jacoby很爱玩人浪啊！！谢谢摄影师Paris Visone拍摄的这张照片
Excited for the opening ceremony for the Olympics tonight!  Will you be watching?
今晚的伦敦奥运会开幕式你们会看吗？真是太激动了
[泪]..I feel guilty to this baby because i made him cry..
对这个红宝宝感到抱歉,因为后面我把他弄哭了..
We perceive good opportunity for business development as there will be more investments in TV dramas in the PRC.
随著对内地电视剧集的投资增加,我们相信集团的业务发展机会将更佳。
Someone flighty will throw a wrench into your carefully laid plans. Be flexible.
一些反复无常的人将向你精心布置的计划下手使坏。注意变通
He was very creative, although not all his ideas have panned out.
他非常有创意,虽然不是所有的点子都成为现实
While playing Skyrim I alternate between humming the "I swear I saw a dragon" song from Pete's Dragon and chanting "sky-RIM sky-RIM"
玩Skyrim的时候，我一会哼《妙妙龙》里面的那首“我发誓我看见了一只龙”，一会又念叨"sky-RIM sky-RIM
The sky is pretty dusty,and unclear in Shanghai today,and the building are coated with a layer of yellow haze around the campus of ECNU.
上海今卓的天氣找不到有幾髒，外頭灰蒙蒙的，整個華師大周圍的建築感覺包了一層黃灰。
My dear Marketing team gave me a party and provided my alot of great entertainment and humor last Friday night.  They also did a fabulous "Chief" painting.  Wow.  So nice.  Thanks so much!!!!!   See the awesome photos.
我的市场部团队上周五晚上给我办了个派对，非常欢乐有趣。他们还给我画了幅超赞的"老大"画像。Wow,太好啦。非常感谢！！！！看多么棒的照片
In addition to the works which have already been cited in previous sections, we mention a few others.
除了在前面几节中已经提到的那些著作以外,我们又提及一些。
Valdimir Putin has just left Beijing and put our slot and schedule back a little bit! We'll let you off with this one sir!
由于Valdimir Putin先生刚刚离开北京，导致我们的飞机有点延误，现在行程有点赶，这次就原谅你啦先生!
In Japan now - I'm so impressed with efforts of the Japanese people and the recovery since the devastating earthquake and tsunami.
国际货币基金组织总裁拉加德在日本，对日本在受到地震和海啸后的重建和复新的努力印象很深
Obey the bylaw of the apartment and rules of the operation from Engineering DEP.
严格遵守公寓规章制度和工程部的各项操作规程。
The one you love also loves you. This is a miracle. And the god names thisas falling in love with each other.
自己爱的人同时也爱着自己，这简直是一种奇迹，神明为这种奇迹取了一个名字，叫作恋爱。
off your soapbox, and do not assume that other people share your goals.
避免对任何事大发议论，也别指望别人的目标会和你一样
Chinese team arrives in Egypt to deal with aftermath of balloon crash
埃及热气球爆炸事故中国外交部工作组抵埃及
Bizarrely, Tottenham have picked up 16 points this season when they have conceded the first goal and only 10 when they have scored it themselves.
奇特的是，在他们首先失球的比赛中， 热刺拿到了16分，而在首开纪录的比赛里，他们只拿到了10分
Tender is the night lying by your side, tender is the touch of someone that you love too much. Find someone who can heal my mind.Tender
温柔和浪漫总是情人节的主题，当情人节遭遇破五，不妨把你的温柔和浪漫也带到自己的父母身边，饺子也可以是情人节的浪漫饭
Nice race yesterday. P9 is where we are under dry conditions at the moment. Now getting ready for a PR Day with DEKRA Automobil in Stuttgart.
昨天是场不错的比赛，在干地条件下获得第九。现在准备去斯图加特参加DEKRA Automobil的公关活动。
Loving the "Gatsby Style"! Definitely need to get a few of these pieces!
大爱“盖茨比风格”！一定得有几件这样的衣服
A lower discount might be acceptable, if you handle the insurance fees.
如果你们付保险费的话，折扣低一点也能接受。
To Rob Harvey：I was more proud of myself about it, than worried. ;)
对Rob Harvey说：相比担心，我更为我自己感到自豪。;)
"Stronger" is an anthem that reminds us we all have an inner strength that can ... - “Stronger
是一首励志歌曲，它提醒我们无论身处何地，我们都有一股内心力量...
We sincerely regret our little mistake; but political necessities, though occasionally erroneous, are still imperative.
敝方对我们的小小过失表示衷心遗憾。不过,政治需要尽管有时不免出错,毕竟仍是势在必行的
PiperPatron_USA but have you eaten at In-n-Out? Because if you have, it makes sense. ;)
PiperPatron_USA 你在In-n-Out吃过饭了吗？如果吃了，那就可以了。;)
Killer turnout in AC tonight. I want to know where everybody went after the gig. I get the feeling they're up to no good.
今晚的AC的演出太棒了。我想知道大家看完演出后都去哪了。我有种感觉，他们去了不好的地方
So busy djing that tpain doesn't even know lala an... - tpain
打碟实在太投入了他都没有察觉到 lala和我就在他后面...
David's speech was great, I learnt alot and also hope the BSU students learnt some new knowledge .
刘希平的演讲很精彩，自己也学会了很多东西。希望今天的@BSU北京体育大学 学生也学了很多知识
what truly makes a woman sexy and beautiful is her kind heart,confidence,personality,education and fidelity
真正使女人的性感和美丽是她的善良的心，信心，人格，教育和忠实
I think it is better to lie in that situation. Telling him 12 days earlier would only make him fail the exam with no benefit.Student learns of his mother's death after the GAOKAO. What would you have done?
12天前，沈飞的父母到学校参加高考家长会之后，回家途中不幸遭遇车祸，母亲送医后经抢救无效身亡，父亲至今还躺在医院的重症病房里。为了让沈飞安心高考，家人、交警和学校共同编织了一个谎言。
I do... They just don't come out to play that often. Only on special occassions “@edithd013: Had no idea @ninadobrev had boobs.
我有...只是它们没那么经常出来玩.只有在特定的场合里[回复]:一直不知道ninadobrev有胸部.
Life is short. You wait too long you might miss out on someone good!
生命是短暂的。你等了太长时间你可能会错过了一个不错的人!
SONG OF THE DAY: "Sitting" by M83     (play this one LOUD, please!)
今日之歌：M83的"Sitting" (请把这首歌放响点
Yet everyone comes unconsciously on an amazing amount of botanical knowledge.
然而每个人在不知不觉中拥有大量的植物学知识
PARIS, how could we have stayed away for so long?  A 1,000 thank you's for making 9 years melt away in an instant. An unforgettable night!
巴黎，我们怎么会离开你这么久呢？希望一千次谢意能够一瞬间消除我们九年内没来开唱的遗憾。今夜难以忘怀
Been losing confidence in your intuitive powers? Your faith will be restored today.
你之前对自己的直觉失去希望了吗？今天你也许能够恢复信心。
Thanksgiving is a wonderful USA holiday that brings families together and where we express gratitude for blessings in our lives. I feel blessed to have so many good followers on Weibo. I love your comments and feel like a virtual friend to many. Happy Thanksgiving!
感恩节是一个美好的美国节日，这一天我们合家团聚并且感激生活的眷顾。在围脖上有这么多朋友，我感到很幸运。我喜欢你们的评论，对很多人来说我像是虚拟的朋友。感恩节快乐
None of the officers in the squadron had ever eaten so well as they ate regularly in Milo's mess hall.
中队里的军官们在哪里也没有象定期在迈洛主办的食堂里吃得那样惬意
Life is too short for us to wake up with pityies every day. Therefore, love those who cherishes you and forget those who ignores you.
生命太短，没留时间给我们每日带着遗憾醒来。所以去爱那些对你好的人，忘掉那些不知珍惜你的人
My view today... Sophia Banks-Coloma's beautiful lil angel, Coco. water baby
今天的风景...Sophia Banks-Coloma的美丽小天使，Coco。戏...
Hey, thank u for all the birthday messages & videos! Much appreciated. 3rd yr in a row I've celebrated it on the road. Cheers! iiii]; )
嗨，感谢粉丝们所有的生日祝福短信和视频！太感谢了。连续第三年在路上庆祝我自己的生日了。谢谢！iiii]; )
It’s that time of the year to think about what gift tops our holiday wish list and what others want most. I’m thinking of touch-enabled Ultrabook convertibles and tablets. I’ve played around with them myself, they’re amazing in performance and style.
又到年终节假季节，该想想自己最想要什么礼物，别人最需要什么礼物。我正在考虑具备触控功能的变形超极本和平板电脑，并亲自体验了一番。它们的性能和设计都非常棒。
One day relax is good enough for me, will back to "everyday gym" life tomorrow.
一天的放鬆，夠了，明天開始恢復天天健身的規律生活。
She's so strange/And she wore a black moustache/And she pilfered all the petty cash/She went to Birmingham
她真的很怪异/戴着假的黑色胡子/偷走了家里所有的零用钱/然后她来到了伯明翰
Finances will be a big force in your life today. It's time to go into savings mode.
今天的财政会成为你的大问题。是时候进入节俭模式了。
What a sweet and sincere performance! Kris Thomas the audience loved it!
这是多么悦耳和诚挚的表演啊！Kris Thomas，观众都很喜欢
Reincarnated live in ATL tonite 4 tha fam! Bigg up @adidasoriginals
Reincarnated》今晚会在亚特兰大为粉丝们放映!感谢@adidasoriginals
Relatives have just once destiny that ties people together so that no matter how long I will get along with you please
亲人只有一次的缘分，无论这辈子我和你会相处多久，都请好好珍惜共聚的时光。下辈子，无论爱与不爱，都不会再见
Catch the premiere of my new video for 'ICE'  here
来这里观看我最新的'ICE'音乐录影带首发
In May 1911 the Mayfly was found to lack sufficient lift to get airborne.
一九一一年五月,发现“蜉蝣号”飞艇的升力不足
The new law aims to boost revenues by approximately 2 billion euros, or 2.65 billion US dollars, over the next two years through extra taxes.
转发微博希腊通过新税收法案,它是希腊获得欧盟及国际货币组织救助贷款的前提之一,也是希腊政府正在进行的大规模税收改革的一部分.
I feel we could have made a better effort, not gonna lie. Next time fist pumps? ;) FIST PUMPS IT IS
我觉得我们可以做的更好，不用质疑。下次我们第一个上？;) 那就第一个上
This inoffensive courtier of impeccable manners was executed senselessly after an absurd trial lasting less than an hour.
这位举止完美,与世无争的庭臣经过不到一小时荒谬的审判就被毫无道理地处决了
Your emotions are going to be volatile today -- it's a great day to be by yourself.
今天，你的情绪可能会有所波动，对你来说这是个特别的日子。
Visiting Hilda one day she entrusted her friend with a mysterious package.
一天,她去看希尔达,交给她朋友一个神秘的包裹
Kahn returned this week to IMF for an emotional farewell(n.告别) that several people in attendance said was well received.
纽约时报8.31#卡恩在IMF做告别演讲#A: 卡恩本周重返IMF，动情告别，几位与会者称演讲很受欢迎
I dream about this dream for times these days: I flying like a swallow, turning somersaults again & again, feeling the surfuce of water & land, soaring in the wind, awesome
最近做着同一个梦：梦见自己像燕子一样飞翔，不断的翻跟斗，贴着地面水面感觉好贴近，在风中高高飞起...
the press is free and every man able to read ,all is free .
新闻自由，且人人得以阅之，此乃自由真滴（@Carrie_VN_ ）。
Someone's act of altruism will inspire you to follow in their footsteps today.
今天，别人利他的举动会激励你紧跟他们的步伐。
I didn't realize how much I've missed the green of the south. Been in la too long. .
我之前完全没有意识到我是如此想念南方的大自然景色。在洛杉矶待的太久了..
At the heart of this magic is the ability to undo and redo.
这个魔法的中心是撤销和重做的能力。
48 hours in a day still wouldn't give me enough time to do all the things I wanna do.
哪怕一天有48个小时，我都来不及去做我想做的所有事
I have not heard Boston having an earthquake before. Is today the first time?
以前我没听到过美国波士顿有地震。今天是第一次吗
Editing and eating McD's while listening to "Knock Off" being played off an LD player!!
剪接中，麥記中同時聽在LD播放的電影"雷霆一擊/Knock Off"!!
bicycle ride in the mountains is accomplished！Phone is almost out of battery and so am I.
在山区骑单车80公里的路线完成了！手机快没电我也快没电。
The West may accommodate zigs and zags in Russian foreign policy as the prices for helping Yeltsin keep his job.
西方国家也许能够容忍俄罗斯外交政策曲折多变——这是为帮助叶利钦保住总统职位付出的代价。
USA Basketball let go! BTW. The match is too late for me too watch
美国男篮加油！BTW.比赛太晚了，我看不了
you don't walk out, you will think that this is the whole world.
如果你不出去走走,你会以为这就是世界; 晚安。
To Pyro_Batz： so glad you came by!  But more importantly, did u go inside?!
对Pyro_Batz说：很开心你能过来！但是更重要的是，你进来过么
Remember to vote for us as ChannelV Oz Artist of the Year for a chance to win some sweet prizes!
记得投票选我们为Channel V澳洲年度艺人，你将有机会获得一些超酷奖品
WW Medical Director doesn't treat employees. He uses tablets, smartphones, wireless networks & relational databases to double the number of patients doctors can see while slashing costs by half. It’s called “Moore’s Law in healthcare.” Link: http://t.cn/zlTL8SL
英特尔全球医疗总监的职责并不是为员工提供治疗，而是利用平板电脑、智能手机、无线网络和关系型数据库等技术，使医生能够照看的病人数提高一倍，成本节省一半。这被称之为“医疗行业的摩尔定律”，推荐大家读一篇文章： http://t.cn/zlTL8SLIntel's
Ricky Martin说：Luke: I can’t believe it. Yoda: That is why you fail.
星球大战）Luke说：我不相信。 Yoda说：那就是你失败的原因。（30分钟前
Acupuncture is an ancient Chinese therapy that inserts needles into the body. Data found that about 3 million U.S. adults get acupuncture each year, mostly for chronic pain.
转发微博针灸是我国古代传承至今的传统医疗技法，医学调查研究发现，约3万美国成年人每年采用针灸治疗
Thanks to everyone for the b-day wishes !  Spent it in the gym today ! Team meeting then back to the crib ..
谢谢大家给我的生日祝福！今天在篮球馆度过的！先是全队的会议，然后回家了。。
One of the key qualities that you need to be a great hockey player is fantastic anticipation and feel for the game - if you know where the puck is going before it is hit, that is half the battle. - Wayne Gretzky
成为一名最棒的冰球手最关键的品质之一就是要对比赛有奇异的预料和感觉——如果你在球被击打之前就知道它将要走向何处，那么你就已取得了一半的胜利
Don't ask me how because it is a very long story.  But somehow today I ended up riding a bicycle in the subway station.  Have you ever seen anything like this before?  Ha ha!!!
别问我这是怎么回事儿因为这是个很长滴故事。但是无论如何今天我在地铁里骑自行车啦！你们以前看见过这样吗？哈哈
In Togo, the farm price for coffee was a third of the border price.
在多哥,咖啡的产地价格是边境价格的三分之一。
If Greece defaults on its debts, she said, then the effects would quickly spread to other euro zone countries. And, she said, "if the euro fails, Europe fails.
她说，如果希腊出现债务违约，其影响将会很快蔓延到其他欧元区国家。“如果欧元终结，欧洲也将终结
Backstage at MSG the other night... — at Madison Square Garden.
这是不久前某个夜晚我在麦迪逊广场花园演出的后台照片
The Chief is back in the gym working out the legs finally!!!   I can work out my upper body 100%.  But I can only do leg curls, leg extensions and light leg press.  No calf raises for six weeks!!!   No worries. I will be back 100% soon!!!!  Nothing can keep me down!!!
老大总算又可以做腿部锻炼啦！我上身可以100％运动。但是我只能做些腿部弯曲，腿部伸展以及轻微的腿部压力运动。要有6周不可以做腿部的负重锻炼。不用担心，我很快就可以100％恢复！！！任何东西都不能击倒我
It is said that there is a big eater around everyone, so who do you think of
据说每个人身边都有一个吃货，你第一个想到了谁
I really like this Peter Ho guy and want to use him more for some of our brands.  He is cool because he is an amazing singer but also a good actor.  He also does alot of work for charities and kids.   In addition, he likes to drink Coca-Cola!!!!
我非常喜欢Peter Ho。想让他参与我们更多的品牌活动。他很酷，不但是个了不起的歌手，也是个好演员。他为慈善和孩子们做了很多工作。此外，他也喜欢喝可口可乐噢
"I am happy, calm and comfortable here. I am looking towards the future which I reckon will bring a lot of happiness.
"/。“我在这里既开心又舒坦。我期待未来有更多快乐。”——雷纳，暗示将留守利物浦
I like to go on market visits to meet customers and see what is going on. Sometimes I end up seeing some funny things or being in funny situations.  When I was in Inner Mongolia, one guy on the street wanted me to take a photo with his Donkey.  Great photo.  Hilarious!!!
老大喜欢去走市场，见见消费者看看发生些什么。我总能看见或者经历些好玩的事儿。一次在内蒙古的时候，在大街上遇到个人，他要我和他滴驴儿一起拍个照。 看这稀有滴照片，太有意思啦。
This concept art revealing Lotso’s past reminds us to always try to remember the good things.
这幅概念设计图展示了大熊的过去，也提醒我们不要忘记生活里的美好
This is the moment the protesters have been waiting for. Mr Mubarak is stepping down after 30 years as Egypt's head of state.
抗议者期待已久的时刻——统治埃及长达30年的穆巴拉克先生离开首脑职位。自BBC。
Since Darwin explained the reasons 150 years ago, we know that it’s not the strongest or the largest that survive but it’s those best prepared to cope with change. Because business is also about growth it must also be about continuous change.
达尔文再150年前解释过：我们指导只有最适应变化的物种才能生存下来，而不是最强壮或者最大的。因为做生意也是要讲究生存跟发展的，它也需要不停的改变去适应环境。
If you are planning any upcoming travel, today it's time to push your plans forward.
如果你正打算出去旅行，今天就得抓紧执行手头的计划。
On the FOX Lot and this was posted up in the copy room i need one for my house except instead of sad panda sad Shvona.
在FOX电视台的复印室里看到了这个，我也需要在我的房子里张贴这个，而不是悲伤熊猫和悲伤的我
My brother is in the picture, you guys guess which one?
我哥哥在里面，你们猜猜哪个是他呢
Congratulations to my friends in China for taking these initial steps to save our marine animals, http://t.cn/aKzqss
中国的朋友们，祝贺你们在保护海洋动物的事业中采取了初步的行动。http://ww...
A referee and two assistants make sure that nobody breaks the rules.
比赛有一名裁判和两名助理裁判，他们的职责是监督是否有球员犯规
Our largest WHS store in china - beijing cbd store finally looking good after many delayed shipments arrivig at once!
维衡生CBD店，是中国最大的门店。在运输过程中延误的进口产品到货之后，它是不是看起来非常壮观
Get 'boring' done as early as possible today and you will be prepared for anything.
今天，只要尽快搞定那些无聊的东西，你就能应付各种事情了。
The US Labor Bureau announced that unemployment rate in non agricultural sectors in the US dropped 0.2 percentage points and reached 7.7% the lowest since December
转发微博１１月份美国非农业部门失业率较前月下降０．２个百分点，降至７．７％，为自２００８年１２月以来的最低点。
Keep checking back with me to get some on set photos of our days on NiKiTA!
保持关注，我会给大家带来一些NIKITA拍摄现场的照片哟
The specified path is invalid, such as being on an unmapped drive.
指定的路径无效,比如在未映射的驱动器上
This photo of an amazing rainbow was taken this afternoon from the back deck of our home in Maine.
这张令人惊艳的彩虹照片，是今天下午在我们缅因家的后院拍摄的
The Treatment are jamming w/us tonight. It's going to be an awesome show! iiii];... - The Treatment
乐队今晚和我们一起进行即兴演出。将会是场精彩的演出！i...
I love this little airplane model and man they have at Hong Kong airport when you come in.
我太喜爱这个小的飞机模型和人啦，一进香港机场就能看到。
The whole place exhaled the febrile bustle of the saloon on a holiday morning.
整个地方都弥漫着一片假日早晨酒店里那种热火朝天的气氛。
good afternoon『120218始源推特更新』first day- It was really awesome. i can feel your passion and heart. now i know how much we inside of your heart. thanks again. good night
第一天真是太棒了，我能感受到你们的热情和爱心，现在我知道我们在你们心中再有多重要，再次谢谢你们，晚安^^翻译：豆豆
I hope you guys are having a fab weekend! - xoxo
我希望你们都有一个美好的周末！
This is my plate after eating dinner. I ate a lot of seafood. Hangzhou has delicious seafood. I wonder which city in China has the best seafood?
这是我的盘子里吃晚餐后。我吃了很多海鲜。[偷笑] 杭州有美味的海鲜。我想知道在中国哪个城市有最好的海鲜
I have a dream that one day down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification,
我梦想有一天，亚拉巴马州会有所改变——尽管该州州长现在仍滔滔不绝地说什么要对联邦法令提出异议和拒绝执行
This is a building in Dresden, Germany. It can play beautiful music when the rain beats and runs down through the tubes and musical instruments installed on the wall.
德国德累斯顿，名为Neustadt Kunsthofpassage.房子外墙设置了不少管道和乐器，下雨时它就会演奏出大自然最欢快的乐章
Today I wore this pair of Lining shoes to ball, super comfy. Unfortunately after wearing them once the collector value has dropped.
今天穿得是李宁这双鞋子打球，特别爽。可惜就是, 穿了之后收藏价值应该降了。
This was the photo I took from the treadmill at the gym this morning in my hotel in Hong Kong.   A great photo of Hong Kong Harbor.    I remember this harbor since I was a kid, watching it in Bruce Lee movies. I always love seeing this harbor!!!!
这张照片是今天早上我在香港酒店健身房的跑步机上拍的。多赞的香港海港景色照片！当我还是个孩子的时候就记得这个海港，在李小龙的影片里看到的。我一直都很爱看这个港口
When a will was discovered near the man's dead body, patricide was suspected.
当男尸旁的遗嘱被发现时,人们便怀疑这是一桩杀父案。
Spicy is great going in...!!![哈哈]At the airport again!!! On my way to Chengdu for a property event tonight, any good spicy Hotpot restaurant recommend?
又在機場了！今天要飛到成都出席晚上的雅居樂房地產活動，準備工作完後大吃大喝！大家有沒有好吃的麻辣火鍋推薦
Happy birthday to the best guitar player with mystique, James Valentine... Love you buddy!
祝全天下最棒的、最具有神秘气质的吉他手James Valentine生日快乐。。。爱你
To Meli__D: that's because you're better than the rest of em ;)
对Meli__D说：那是因为你比其他人好得多;)
In normal times my newfound prominence would almost surely have speeded my departure from government.
在通常情况下,我新树起来的名声几乎肯定会使我很快离开政府
A doctor in Beijing witnessed a patient die in her arms inside an ambulance when drivers ignored the emergency vehicle’s siren and did not clear the way.
转发微博救护车鸣笛却鲜有车辆让道，北京120急救中心的王雨竹医生眼睁睁地看着一个生命在她面前逝去
Ricky Martin说：A guy broke into my apt last week. He didnt take the TV, just the remote. Now he drives by and changes the channels. Sick Bastard. #Humor#
上周有人闯进了我的房子。他没偷走电视机，却拿了遥控器。现在他整天开车路过这里，同时换频道。真变态啊。#笑话# （9小时前
What you're learning in school today will determine whether we as a nation can meet our greatest challenges in the future.
今天你们在学校中学习的内容，将会决定我们整个国家，在未来迎接重大挑战时的表现
The only 2 things I don’t eat for breakfast are lunch and dinner.
早饭我唯一不吃的两样东西是午饭和晚饭。
I will be here when you real like being quiet....and when you need to speak your mind ,I will listen.
当你想要安静的时候我会静静地守候......当你需要倾诉的时候我会耐心的倾听
Justin Bieber在Twitter上说：Hope everyone has a great day today. Canadian Thanksgiving already passed but Im thankful for all of you. Have fun. thanks.
希望大家今天有一个伟大的日子。加拿大的感恩节已经过去了，但是我感谢你们。玩得开心。谢谢。
I often discover that what sounds great at home sounds hideous in public.” – Tuck Andress
我常常发现有些东西在家里听起来很棒，但拿到外面就很糟糕
Always strive to make your health and how you feel the number one priority in your life.
时刻都要把保持健康和舒适身体当做生活中最重要的事情并为之努力!
I was in anguish until I knew that she was still alive.
在知道她还活着之前，我一直痛苦万分。
China now is the biggest smartphone mkt, according to EnfoDesk. China accounted for 22% of global smartphone shipments in Q1, against 16% for U.S. Environment and segmentation are very different between the two, China’s increasing importance will alter global market dynamics.
据易观国际分析报告，中国已经成为全球最大的智能手机市场。今年一季度，中国智能手机出货量占了全球总量的22%，相比之下，美国占16%。中美两大智能手机市场的竞争环境和市场细分差异很大，所以日益重要的中国市场也将从根本上改变全球市场态势。
Looks like we need to start our tour in FRANCE this summer.
看起来我们今年夏天要从法国开始巡演
Myo:the cats don't wear watch but why do they always know when to gather outside the kitchen during dinner time?
貓咪們明明沒帶手錶，但为什么每一日一到晚飯時間他們都曉得坐在廚房門口等開飯
We cannot refuse the starting, and we cannot resist the ending.
无法拒绝的是开始，无法抗拒的是结束。
Need your guys help, on the 5th and 6th of December I'll be in Jinan recording a new show, need you to tell me who you think is the prettiest and ugliest celebrity mixes?
需要大家帮忙，我5-6号去济南录山东卫视的节目，需要大家告诉我你们心目中的”最帅和最臭明星混血儿”是谁
Voting just opened for rage's 50 best music videos of the year! Vote for 'Need Y... - rage
50支年度最佳音乐录影带的投票刚刚启动！快来以下网站为“Need You...
a scholar at Hong Kong Chinese University, wrote an article explaining the new measures to restrict the amount of milk powder a traveller can bring across the border.
中大學者梁啟智很有心，寫了一篇文章放在微博，向國內網民解釋香港奶粉限帶令的因由。Leung Kaichi,
It was a well-deserved honor and China’s over-the-top reaction was as surreal as it was telling.
这个实至名归的奖项以及中国的过度反应与整个事件所反映的超现实主义一样。
It does tell us almost everything we need to know about the measurable properties of atoms.
它确实能够告诉我们几乎所有我们需要知道的原子的可测性质
New terms are emphasized in italics the first time they are used.
新的术语在它第一次出现时用斜体字来强调。
He said amen, and blessed them, and turned away, and immediately the congregation began to sing.
他说完阿门,为他们祝了福,便转过身去。会众立刻唱了起来
What is persistence? It is, day after day, to tell yourself to hold on one more day.
什么是坚持？就是一天，又一天，你告诉自己，再坚持一天。
is a great time to begin new projects -- especially social ones!
这是个开展新项目的好时机——尤其是社会领域的
When it comes to playing the blame game today, forget it -- there is no point to it.
如果今天出现什么推卸责任的把戏，无视它。这不能解决任何问题
Typically, after a failure, when the original principal server restarts it quickly reconnects to its partner.
通常,出现故障后,原始主体服务器在重新启动时便会迅速重新连接到其伙伴。
My beautiful wife Shante Broadus love u honey. B on lookout for our new family show love heals it all!!!!!
我美丽的妻子Shante Broadus，爱你宝贝。她正看着我们家族新的表演，爱可以治愈一切
Watched Trainspotting for the first time in a long while. Movies I loved when I was fourteen don't always hold up. This definitely did.
好久没看《猜火车》了，14岁时觉得好的电影现在看不一定好看了，但是这部绝对是好片子。
Nonsensical quote of the day: "They are learning as much as we are, as quick as we are, and as much as we are."- @iansomerhalder hahahahaha
今天没有意义的句子引用:“他们像我们一样学习,(学得)像我们一样快,就跟我们一样.”-(对ian)
Happy Valentines day, Love my family, love my friends and love my fans, let's spread the love! How did you celebrate today?
情人节快乐，爱我的家人，爱我的朋友们，爱我的粉丝们，一起来传播爱！今天你怎么过的呢
If you're wearing a tux at 4:43 in the AM, chances are you're awesome.
如果你凌晨四点四十三分还穿着燕尾服，你有可能很帅气。
Thanks to everybody for your support today. Hopefully keep it going for you tomorrow. Night night
感谢大家今天对我的支持，希望明天可以继续保持，大家晚安
In a work situation today, don't be afraid to take a daring and aggressive position.
在今天的工作环境中，要勇于表现大胆积极的立场。
This year's tour has been MAGICAL!! And I get to have my fam on stage with me ;-)
今年的巡演太不可思议了！！而且我还带了我的家人和我一起站在舞台上 ;-)
In a source window, Disassembly window, or Call Stack window, a breakpoint appears as a red symbol or glyph.
在源窗口、“反汇编”窗口或“调用堆栈”窗口中,断点显示为一个红色符号或标志符号。
The man likes a pretty face, women like sweet talk.So the woman makeup, the man lied. In order to appreciate each other ~
男人喜欢漂亮脸蛋，女人喜欢甜言蜜语。所以女人化妆，男人撒谎。 以便相互欣赏~
Hope ya'll are rockin your pink ribbons! Missing My Aunt Loys too much today!
希望你们佩戴着红丝带！今天特别想念我的Loys阿姨
Not really scared of not sleeping, but what I"m really scared of is my close friends or relatives having something wrong, last time I couldn't sleep something bad happened.
一直没睡，不睡我不怕，怕的就是关系好的朋友或者亲戚出事情了，上次睡不着有不好的事情发生。大家没事吧
One who holds this rank or a similar rank in a military or paramilitary organization.
阶级的士兵军事或半军事性组织团体中持有这一军衔或类似军衔的人
"hey, what are you up to today?" "Oh, I dunno. Probably gonna go publish Cure lyrics..."
"嘿，你今天打算做什么呀？“”哦，我不知道。有可能发Cure的歌词的微博吧..."
Yes, this is one of the photos from Vogue magazine this month.
對了，这是本月Vogue雜誌中，我的其中一幅相片。
He had not been entirely clearheaded when the chateau gates snapped shut behind him.
当大别墅的门在他身后“啪”地关上的时候,他的头脑还没清醒过来
Mirrors attached to the rollers form part of an optical system.
装在圆筒上的小镜是光学系统的一部分
Looking forward to the shows I have coming up in Baku Oct 13 &14!!  Shak
非常期待我10月13日和14日在巴库的两场演出！！ Shak
Transitoriness creates time--and"time is the essence".Potentially at least, time is the supreme, most useful gift.
短暂创造时间——而“时间正是本质”。至少，时间可能是至高无上的、最有用的恩赐。
It really is true that everything and anything you can remember from your childhood is just a google search away.
真的，从小时候到现在你能记起的所有的事和任何一件事都是一GOOGLE就能找到
I watched the altimeter on my wrist rise to 13,500 feet, which meant it was time to go.
我看了看手腕上的高度计,已上升到了13,500英尺,这意味着往下跳的时候到了
you getting what you deserve in all aspects of your life? If not, ask for it.
生活中，你是否拿到了所有应得的？如果还没有，那就去要求
His speech was an affront to all decent members of the community.
他的话对社区所有体面的成员是故意的侮辱.
1.A decent respect to the opinion of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.
就有一种真诚的尊重人类公意的心理，要求他们一定要把那些迫使他们不得已而独立的原因宣布出来。
Live your life , while marching to the beat of your own drum ... Liberation
热爱你的生活吧，按照你的节奏的前行吧...解放自我
Cindy Tong - a wonderful JGF trainee and one of my closest and truest friends. She is in heaven now and still smiling. It was an honor to have you as a friend. Rest in peace, I love you and miss you so much. Please repost
Cindy Tong-JGF一位很棒的客人,也是我最亲近最信任的朋友之一。现在她离开我们去了天堂,相信她始终面带微笑。拥有你这位朋友是多么荣幸。我非常想念你。请朋友帮我转发
Congrats to Gary Payton The Glove for being inducted to the basketball hall of fame. He's one of the favourites growing up.
祝贺Gary Payton加入篮球名人纪念堂！他是我成长过程中最喜欢的篮球运动员之一。
One of my favorite fans drew this awesome picture of Kobe Bryant.  I think it's an amazing drawing.   Let me know if you like it!!!!
我的一位粉丝画了这幅很赞的Kobe Bryant的画。我觉得这真是了不起的创作。告诉我你们是否喜欢
There's nothing in life that I love more, than music (and Love).
在我的生命中，没有比音乐（和爱）更重要的事情
add sass and sizzle to your day, all you have to do is mix up your routine!
如果不想把今天搞得一团糟，就不要变动例行的套路
My fish tells me only the man who once underwent the suffering can possess stubborn（stiff）viability and one space for himself in .
我的鱼告诉我，只有经历过那些痛苦磨难的人，才拥有顽强的生存力，才能在这个世界有自己的一席之地
Man Foreign Fields melted my brain w/1 of the best fest sets I've ever seen ANYONE play
天哪，Foreign Fields的演出是我看过的音乐节中最棒的，太让我震撼了
Unfortunately I didn't have any alcohol as I'm trying to prepare for the World Championships and that means no drink!
你说错了，那天我没喝酒，因为我在准备世界斯诺克锦标赛。我不能喝酒
If a third party intercepts the encrypted data, it will be difficult to decipher.
如果第三方截获了加密的数据,解密数据是很困难的
Yao Chen is such a sweet actress! We all love her to death!
是个很善良的演员，我们全都爱死她了
you're not having fun in your romantic life, taking a break may be a good idea.
如果当下的爱情生活并没有让你感到高兴，稍事停顿则不失为一个好主意。
Here are some pictures of our trip to China in June
这里是一些我们六月中国之旅的照片
Excitement beat in my ears, and slushed around in my brain like warm, heavy wine.
我兴奋得两耳嗡嗡作响,好象烫热的烈酒在我脑里荡漾。
Our Her Fault Music Video World Premiered on the FRONT page of US Much love! Vevo
我们的《Her Fault》音乐录影带在美国Vevo网站首页世界首发，大爱
IFC launched the Sustainable Banking Network to help bank regulators develop green-credit policies and environmental and social risk-management guidelines.
转发微博【国际金融公司(IFC)启动监管机构可持续银行工作组】帮助新兴市场制定绿色信贷政策和环境、社会风险管理指引
Find out how you can help End_7 to rid the world of the 7 deadliest diseases by 2020  Iiii]; )'
快来了解一下你可以如何帮助End_7在2020年时消除世界上最致命的7种疾病Iiii]; )'
BEIJING, CHINA! We'll be performing at Yu Gong Yi Shan on May/19th. Lets set this summer off right!
北京，中国！我们将于5月19日在“愚公移山”进行表演。让这个夏天活力起来
haha that should be a teeshirtI am not shy, I am holding back my awesomeness... So I don't intimidate you!
我不是害羞。我只是尽力保持低调。。免得我太牛X了吓到你。哈哈
tbt dynasty can't believe I was a part of westcoast hip hop history ! Life is good 20 plus years still onit like I want it!!
周四旧照回顾，一个朝代，不敢相信我是西海岸hip hop历史的一部分！人生很美好，20多年了我仍然还在做我钟爱的音乐事
The commentator for CCTV4 Mr. Zhang Zhaozhong said USA and its alliances will not attack Iran within future two months,i firmly stand by him this time.
央视国际今日关注的评论员张SAN说美国和西方两个月之内应该不会对伊朗发动进攻，这次我信了。
Just got to Dubai . Well done Tom Lewis on winning the portugal masters.
刚刚到达迪拜，Tom Lewis在葡萄牙大师赛赢得漂亮
68 today. Good start. Probably the best I've ever hit it off the tee. Putting it down to all the gym work. Need to hole my share of putts .
我今天打出68杆。开局不错。我好像从来没开球那么好过。应该是因为我在健身房努力锻炼的成效。明天推杆有必要比今天好。
Over the past few days I have posted Life Lessons written by a lady named Regina Brett. Today I post all of them together. It's worth re reading these from time to time. I hope you find joy in your lives.
过去的几天我转贴了一些由一位名叫Regina Brett的女士所写的人生箴言。今天我将他们合贴在一起。这些箴言值得时不时的反复品味。我希望你们找到生活中的乐趣
Birmingham, we can't wait for tonight.  Such a rich history of rock music here and fans that always go above and beyond. Let's get loud!
伯明翰，我们等不及开始今晚的演出了。这个城市充满了摇滚的底蕴，这里的粉丝也总是最棒的。让我们一起来摇滚吧
Nike plus is awesome!" Thanks to everyone who supported our Nike plus event today, a complete success!
"耐克加实在太棒了!" 感谢所有的人来支持我们今天的耐克加活动，圆满成功
About 22% of US adults have arthritis,and obesity is partly to blame,the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention reported Thursday.
美国疾病控制和预防中心7日公布的报告显示，美国成年关节炎患者数量已占美国成年人总数的22%，而肥胖是导致关节炎的一大因素
The picture showed a charming pastoral scene of cows drinking from a stream.
这幅画表现了牛在溪边饮水的迷人的田园风光。
If work has no intention, it's not work at all. It's an empty motion.
如果工作没有目标，那就不是工作，而是空洞的行为。
Things I haven't seen in malls for awhile that I miss: Spencer's. Babbages. Orange Julius.
好久没在商场里看见的，让我想念的：Spencer's，Babbages和Orange Julius。
"You may have 5m friends online but only me in real life." It is the subtle irony of the Oscar favorite The Social Network, and also a common phenomenon in reality in China.
你在网上有500万个朋友，但是现实中却只有我一个朋友。这是对影片《社交网络》的绝妙反讽，但却真实存在着。
These 300 Sparta brave warrior, only is requests: "Remembers us." This is king says to me.
这300个斯巴达勇士,只是要求:“记住我们。”这是国王对我说的
I asked one of my student if she could only bring one thing to a deserted island, what would it be. Her reply = a man. Hahaha
我问了我一位学生要是她只能带一个东西／人到一个岛上她会带什么？她回了一句=一位男人。哈哈哈
One office in a hotel is often set aside to handle reservations.
旅馆往往另设管理预订房间业务的办公室。
No manager can be asked to set goals or establish plans and budgets without guidelines.
在无所遵循的情况下,是不能要求管理者去制定目标或编制计划和预算的
Marine rescue authorities in south China's Guangdong province said Friday that seven fishermen have been rescued seven days after their boat went missing in the sea off the city of Zhuhai.
广东省渔政总队珠海支队、珠海海事局1月20日上午相继证实，于12日晚在海上失踪的7人已于19日下午在湛江市琼州水道一带被当地渔民救起。这7人的身体状况和精神状况均无大恙
Back to work now… Jed and I are working around the clock on the new book and excited!
要继续工作了…Jed 和我争分秒必争地在写着手头的新书，我们为此而兴奋
And that is where I learned that light travels faster than sound, which is almost as slow as a flying rock.
也就是在那里，我知道了光的传播速度要比声音快，而声音的速度就和石头飞的速度差不多慢
So much fun hanging out with Tom Zenner for my commitment shoot!
和Tom Zenner在拍摄音乐录影带时玩的很开心
This is Yao Chen. She is the "Weibo Queen" because she has more than 12 million followers. Now there are brands who really want her to comment on their products. She also makes very interesting statements. Talking about luxury goods, she said "A woman's paradise is a man's hell
这是姚晨。她是"微博女王"，有超过一千二百万的粉丝。现在有一些品牌希望她提出自己的见解。她说的话很有意思。谈及奢侈品的时候，她说一个女人的天堂是一个男人的地狱
" I gotta watch the Tape to see if I won the fight " Bradley
我要看录像带看看我是不是赢了” Bradley
up for yourself when someone bullies you or is rude to you today.
今天，若有人对你无礼，就强硬地回击。
The Chief is slowly getting ready for the Sprite charity basketball game with Kobe Bryant.  Keep August 10 free in your calendar. On Shanghai!!!!
老大正为雪碧慈善篮球赛与Kobe Bryant的比赛慢慢做准备！八月十日，确保你有时间喔！就在上海
Keep the record of every kid's smile is the principal of our photographer!
用相机记录下每一个孩子的灿烂笑容是米高摄影师@MintyU格 的宗旨!
AshTrays And HeartBreaks I lost some, lets toast to one so put' em high, lets reminisce- - 歌曲"Ashtrays And Heartbreaks"
歌词：我失去了一些朋友，让我们举杯向他们致敬，让我们一起怀念那些逝去的朋友
Hi! These are some pictures of my daughters when they were little!:) Below are Lulu is eating an ice cream and baby Sophia!
这是我女儿们小时候的一些照片！这是Lulu 在吃冰激凌，还有Sophia是个小婴儿的时候
It's a wrap for the day! Happy mid autumn moon festival!!
終於拍完今天的戲！祝大家中秋節快樂!!
How many times have you been to BJ?  Is this your first time to BJ?
这是你第几次来北京？＂该怎么说呢？除了这些间接的问法
What we want never is the material satisfaction. When you keep hesitating, why not travel and enjoy the beautiful scenery along the journey!
我们想要的从不是物质上的满足。如何你踌躇，不如就搭上梦想之舟就恣意畅游吧，尽情享受沿途的美景
WE'RE THINKING ABOUT PRESSING 'INFEST' UP ON VINYL! SHOULD WE DO IT?
我们在想推出黑胶版的《Infest》专辑！我们应该这样做吗
A small portable timepiece, especially one worn onthe wrist or carried in the pocket.
手表,怀表小型便携的计时器,尤指戴在手腕上或放在口袋里的
This example resumes the logging of commands in the previously used log file.
此示例继续在以前使用的日志文件中记录命令。
Government data released this year showed that China spends about ninety-five billion dollars a year on police, jails and security services.
政府今年公布的官方数据显示，中国每年用于警察、监狱和安全保障服务上开支为950亿美元。
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
没有人可以回到过去重新开始，但谁都可以从现在开始，书写一个截然不同的将来.
If you don't see The Connection on iTunes, what country are you in?
如果你在iTuns上找不到‘The Connection"，你在哪个国家呢
"I do feel a lot of pressure," says Yi(pronounced Ee). "But what I need most is to learn and to practice - not to get distracted by being famous."
我确实感觉到了很多的压力，但是我最需要的就是去学习和训练——而不是因出名而分心。”——易建联
iHeartRadio Festival tonight. Tune in to watch our performance live at http://t.cn/zlArrVP
今晚是iHeartRadio音乐节。大家要观看我们的现场表演哦。http://festival.ih...
Starting January 2013 service providers in the health sector from Hong Kong and Macao will be permitted to establish independent health centers on the mainland.
转发微博从２０１３年１月１日起，港澳医疗服务提供者可在内地设立独资、合资或合作医疗机构。
Shopping for computers is no longer simple. A study found that due to the large number of different computing devices available, consumers are taking longer than the usual 30 to 40 days to make a purchase. But items with “Intel Inside” should make the decision easier!
选购电脑已经不再是简单的事情。一项研究发现，由于当前市场存在大量不同类型的计算设备，消费者需要比平常多30至40天时间才能做出购买决定。但是，带有Intel Inside标识的设备，可能会让决定更轻松!
Going and and not drinking alchohol is the best gift you can give yourself.
出来玩不喝酒是给自己的最好的礼物。 可以怎么说吧
Ridiculously excited about announcing a very exciting project I've been working on this week! Can’t wait to fill you all in!
为即将宣布我本周一直忙着的项目感到十分激动！迫不及待要告诉你们所有详情了
Let's build massive public pressure to defend Antarctica's ocean &create a marine sanctuary. Join me http://t.cn/zl3MoEv
让我们构建巨大的公众压力来保卫南冰洋，创建一个海上禁捕区。加入我吧
So this is happening today...  Our dressing room rules! :)   @ STAPLES Center
今天就发生了...我们的试衣间守则！:) 在斯台普斯中心
Stressful environments lead to unhealthy behaviors such as poor eating habits, which in turn increase the risk of heart disease.
紧张的环境会导致诸如不良进食习惯等不健康行为,而这些不良行为反过来会增加心脏病的发病率。
Early bird gets... to sit on the couch until his friends wake up.
早起的“鸟儿”只能坐在沙发上等待朋友们起床。
I had a nice chat w/ the LA Times about our upcoming show in LA as well as our new release. Check it
我和《洛杉矶时报》畅谈即将到来的洛杉矶演出，和我们最新发行的作品
To G-Money, we linked the website where you can view the lineup for each day
对G-Money说，我们将提供网址链接让你们了解每天的排队情况
These photographers seem quite happy to expend some excess energy and a lot of film to get the best shot.
摄影师们看起来十分乐意花费更多的精力和胶卷来拍摄美女的照片。
The three designers Janine David and ralf at the attitude fashion show
很好这三个设计师珍妮大卫和拉尔夫在时尚的态度表明
Today I helped out a family in need. What did you do today to make the world a little brighter? WHD2012
今天我帮助了一个需要帮助的家庭。你们做了让这个世界更加美好的事吗？2012世界人道主义日
My son William in his American football uniform.  They are practicing today.  He looks awesome!!!!!
我的儿子William穿着他的美式足球制服。他们今天在练习。他看上去真棒
I think LiKaifu is right, china education moving from group memorization towards individual thinking creates more innovation: but disagree also - creating great startups like Apple is about one person - not society - I know there are chinese teams at uni today building next Apple
李开复：下一个苹果不会出现在中国】21世纪“创新”将被重新定义，且创新速度将会影响竞争的局面。在中国至少50年、100年内都不会出现一个苹果或者谷歌。因为，如果中国想要出现，就必须重建一个新的教育体系。近十年来大部分领先的公司都是微型创新公司，除了苹果和谷歌
If you could do anything this weekend, what would it be?
如果这周末你想做什么都行，你想做什么
Had a great day snookering and golfing in the sun yesterday.
昨天我过的很棒，打了斯诺克，还在阳光下打了高尔夫。
Thank you Green Day for Always making the best "I'm wearing headphones and ignoring your nonsense" records I can ignore the world with. :)
感谢Green Day，他们的专辑能让我“戴上耳机，忽略其他无意义的事情”，完全忘记这个世界。:)
Island life at its finest :) Boracay Never want to leave
岛上的生活太精彩了:) 舍不得离开长滩岛
I am very fortunate man for I lead a full and what is for me a happy life.
我十分幸运，因为我过着充实而且对我而言很幸福的生活。
Galloping oscillations are usually violent and must be damped structurally, which is a near impossibility.
疾振通常是强烈的,必须从结构上进行阻尼,但实际上几乎不可能做到
Ricky Martin说：If we do discover a complete theory,that would b the ultimate triumph of human reason,for then we would know the mind of God-Stephen Hawking
如果我们发现了一个完整的理论，它将成为人类理性的终极胜利，从此我们应当就可以了解上帝的思想”。- 斯蒂芬·霍金（11小时前
To  cherish more and to desire little,we will be in harmony with life.
感激多一点，欲求少一点，我们就能过得更圆满。
The actor won an Academy Award for his role in the film.
那位演员由于他在电影中扮演的角色而获学院奖
or India likely successors to Silicon Valley as global technology innovation center by 2016: ICT leaders survey. They are leapfrogging the valley on mobile communications and commerce and governments investing in key areas like cloud. http://t.cn/zlnck12
一项对信息通信界领导者的调查显示，中国和印度有望在2016年继硅谷之后，成为全球技术创新中心。在移动通信、移动商务等方面，他们正在超越硅谷，而且政府在云计算等关键领域加大投资。 http://t.cn/zlnck12China
Heavy state direction has worked in other countries, as it is working in China
和在中国一样，有力的政府主导在其它国家也很奏效
My son Robert met Barry Sanders in Shanghai at the Nike store.  Barry is the 3rd all time leading rusher in the American Football League.  My son was very happy to meet him and surprised him.  He signed his football and his cast, which was on his broken wrist. Ha ha!!!!
儿子Robert在上海的耐克商店见到了Barry Sanders。Barry是美式足球联盟第三个全职冲球手。儿子和他见面又惊又喜呀！他在儿子的足球上签名啦，还在儿子受伤手腕的石膏上也签名啦。哈哈
This is the heart of the dairy industry, an industry which occupies the farmer the year round.
这里是奶制品工业的心脏,这一行业可使农业全部是有事可做
U should know that you are beautiful . Happy Valentine's Day.
(你应该知道自己是美丽的，情人节快乐。)
Ricky Martin说：We did it! Thx to your support, the MAC AIDS Fund has raised $250 mill to support HIV/AIDS initiatives. Join the conversation #Viva Glam 250#
我们做到了！谢谢你们的支持，MAC艾滋病基金已经筹集两亿五千万美元来支持抗击艾滋病行动。加入这个话题#Viva Glam#（16小时前
It is not to be doubted that the fire of the poem is what a translator should principally regard, as it is most likely to expire in his managing
毫无疑问，译者应该主要注重诗歌的火花，因为它在琢磨翻译过程中最易丢失。见中国同传口译网 联合国方向同传口译培训班
Why are there still no professional refs in English football !!!!
英国足球为什么到现在仍然没有职业的裁判!!!
PS.谢谢大家的耐心 My website is almost complete, I, apologize once again but my website is English/Chinese so takes some time to get it all right!
网站真的快弄好了，知道大家已经迫不及待了好久，因为网站是双语所以会出现很多小问题需要处理好才能发布
Ready for the spring festival? Cannot go abroad without booking the international tickets.
春节外国朋友出国，推荐给他们@中青旅入境旅游网 的国际机票吧[呵呵]低价优惠进行中
You may as well oblige people today. Let them speak -- you don't have to listen.
今天，你可能会强迫别人做一些事。他们可以申辩，但你不必倾听。
We expect food prices to continue to rise and push EM headline inflation higher until the summer months.
我们预计食品价格将持续上涨，并推动新兴市场总体通胀率在夏季到来前进一步走高。
half way now cycled 39.22km, still got to go back 39.22km！ah
走了一半的路39.22公里，还要回39.22公里啊
India unveils most expensive tank in the world - Arjun MK II
英文论坛：印度国产阿琼MK2坦克 全球最贵
It's inspiring to see young artist and peers from different parts of the world creating and celebrating the same music.
看到来自世界各地的年轻艺人和同辈们创作和推崇同样的音乐，真是太鼓舞人心了。
No better way than to wake up to sweet pillow talk, followed by a rigerous morning run under the Stanford sun
早上醒来之后甜蜜的床上私聊，然后在Stanford的阳光下晨跑一下是最惬意的事情
Wait what is the last name of the character I am reading for? Come again.... No pun
等下，我在读脚本里的主人公的姓是什么来着？又忘了......没有开玩笑
Ben Breedlove: I looked at myself in the mirror, I was proud of MYSELF, of my entire life, everything I have done.
我看着镜中的自己，我为自己感到骄傲，为我这一生，为我所做的每一件事
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself. （Emerson
幸福犹如香水，你不可能泼向别人而自己却不沾几滴。——爱默生
Changed my life,small coffee maker, just add water and coffee grinds, awesome
改变了我的人生！小咖啡机器，只需要加水和咖啡分 .棒极了
When creating a backup checksum, a backup operation does not add any checksums to pages.
创建备份校验和时,备份操作不会向页中添加任何校验和。
woke up even more swollen than I was yesterday..i didn't think that was possible.
睡醒后脸变得比昨天更肿了..我没想到那是可能的。
My father is too old to travel overseas so he asked my son Pierce to represent him at a special ceremony making my father an honorary citizen of Berlin. I'm very proud that my son was so articulate in speaking about his grandfather.
我父亲年事已高，不便越洋跋涉，因此他让我的儿子皮尔斯代表他出席一项特别的仪式，该仪式授予我父亲柏林荣誉市民。能够如此清晰的讲述他的祖父，我为儿子感到骄傲。
These two Gents did come up with our new Aero update package for this weekend:)!
这两位先生为我们本周末的空套更新组件提出了想法:)!
This is my 5th all time favorite photo of Steve Jobs.  Here he thinking while he is flying up to Boston for a Macworld show.
这是我最喜欢的第五张Steve Jobs的照片。在飞往波士顿参加苹果开发者大会的路上，他正在沉思
In Ohio growth test trees from northern states started growth earliest in the spring, developed most intense autumn color.
在俄亥俄的生长试验树中,北方各州的春季生长开始最早,秋色表现得最强烈
True. But south park's Inception parody was way funnier. RT MikeFlu73: "You know you've made out when you're mocked by SethMacFarlane.
对。但是《南方公园》里模仿的《盗梦空间》要比这个搞笑多了！RT MikeFlu73：“你知道如果SethMacFarlane能幽你一默，说明你出名了。
I understand students will head back to school Sept. 1; my kids went back this week. They're taking a new course that looks at how we learn and different learning styles. I think it’s great. Understanding how we learn can be even more important than what we learn.
我知道同学们将于9月1日返校。我的孩子本周也返校了。他们将学习新课程，学习“如何学习”以及不同的学习方法。我想这非常好——掌握学习方法比学到知识本身，重要得多
Pedestrian and cycle safety should be the priority over speeding traffic.
行人与骑自行车的人的安全应优先于加快交通流速
Perhaps the most important questions are whether simpler and more inclusive conservation laws exist.
最重要的疑问或许是:有没有形式更简单、适用范围更广泛的守恒定律
Ricky Martin说：and if i change it they will throw a fit
但是如果我想把那个名字改了，他们会怒了（9小时前
Two weeks ago in Beijing Guomao Subway Station, I had this same problem! Too many people. So uncomfortable.
两个星期前在北京国贸地铁站,我有同样的问题。太多的人。 太不舒服
We're excited to be supporting The Hives tonight in Porto Alegre.
我们很激动要去助阵今晚The Hives在阿雷格里港的巡演
get the LightersUp music filter on viddy n show me wat u can do!! http://t.cn/zYTXIRj http://t.cn/zYTXIRY
快来下载Viddy网站的“Lighters Up”音乐过滤器应用，让我看看你们的本事
I cannot cry because you know that's weakness in your eyes.
我不能哭泣,因为你知道那正是你眼中的懦弱.
emotions are going to make it a little hard to communicate right now.
现在，预料之外的情绪会让沟通变得稍许困难。
With unusual docility, Nancy stood up and followed him as he left the newsroom.
南希以难得的顺从站起身来,尾随着他离开了新闻编辑室。
Nothing her mother had taught her was of any value whatsoever now and her heart was sore and puzzled.
她只觉得母亲从前教她的话现在一点也没有价值,心里非常惨痛和迷惑
Give me a torch: I am not for this ambling; Being but heavy, I will bear the light.
给我一个火炬,我不高兴跳舞。我的阴沉的心需要着光明
Another great night at Grasslands event space, weekly Greennovate movie night.
又是很多观众来今晚Greennovate 的视频晚会。看看他们网站
We ask for an unexampled effort, believing that it can be made by them.
我们要求他们作出前所未有的努力,我们相信他们是可以办到的
Even though my mom is 10,000KM away, every time I talk to her online， I can feel her love and support. I love you mom!
爱在母亲节# 尽管妈妈离我10,000多公里远，每次和她视频都能感觉到他对我的爱和支持。我爱你妈妈!
But he doesn't do it right. When I was seven, one day he said to me, "Hi, son, why is tofu better than centralized socialist economy?
"我七岁的时候，有一天他问我，“嘿，儿子，你说为什么豆腐比社会主义计划经济要好
Many people do not need good-bye, because of just going by. Forget is that we give each other the best souvenir.
很多人不需要再见，因为只是路过而已。遗忘就是我们给彼此最好的纪念。。
The youngest member of your group will provide the greatest voice of reason today.
今天，团队中最年轻的成员将提供最理智的意见。
Today I was able to go to the Temple with my team.   I wished for good health, good fortune and happiness for certain people in the New Year.  I can't say who i wished the good fortune for, as its suppose to be secret.  But if you are reading this you might be able to guess!!!!!
今天我和我的团队去了寺庙。我希望某些人在新的一年里身体健康，好运连连，幸福快乐！我不能告诉大家我为谁祈福，因为这该是保密的。但是如果你读到这条微薄，你可以猜猜看
It's been hot the last few days.  And you already know what The Chief's favorite drink is when its hot and also for lunch everyday.   The attached photo is one of my favorite "pack shots" of Coca-Cola.
过去的几天非常热。大家也已经知道当烈日炎炎，还有每天午餐的时候，老大的最爱饮料是什么啦。看图片，是老大的最爱之一弧型瓶可口可乐
They are often more industrious, useful citizens than those who are never late.
他们与那些从不迟到的人相比，常常是更勤奋有用的公民
I want to talk a little bit more about the event I mentioned yesterday.
昨天提到的那个我参加的的活动，我想再多说几句
David is a timid boy. The ghost story makes his hair stand on end.
大卫很胆小，一个鬼故事便把他吓得毛骨悚然。
Kebede whom we met in D.C. doing great work in raising awareness on importance of maternal health investments - http://sinaurl.cn/h8ZHu
丽雅.凯贝德，我们以前在哥伦比亚特区见过，她在提高公众认知母亲健康投资的重要性方面干着伟大的工作——http://sinaurl.cn/h8ZHuLiya
I don't like him, but, to give him his due, he is a good worker.
我不喜欢他，但是说句公道话，他是个好工人。
Ok enough of this hilarity, I'm off to drink my Chai Latte.
好吧，欢闹够了，我要去喝我的印度茶拿铁。
She and I hit it off,caz we both get into shopping
我和她很合得来，因为我们都爱逛街[发红包]
The mysterious pyramid topped with an eye leads some of you to accuse the Treasury of occultism.
顶部有一只眼睛的神秘的金字塔,导致你们当中的一些人谴责财政部搞神秘学
China has begun levying anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on cars imported from the U.S. The duties would be imposed on U.S. sedans and SUVs with engine displacements of over 2.5 litres.
自今天（15日）起，中国对原产于美国的排气量在2.5升以上的进口小轿车和越野车征收反倾销税和反补贴税，实施期限为两年
Just a tip if you're looking for good Mexican food in LA. I feel like I work for the food network right now.
只是对LA的墨西哥餐一点小小的建议。我感觉现在在做视频网站一样。
Today had a nice surprise, after buying 8 boxes of contacts  got a really cool Swatch watch, awesome
我是万事达人#今天有惊喜，买了8盒强生隐形眼镜还送一个特别酷的Swatch手表，赞
Next year the bearded bear will bear a dear baby in the rear.
明年,长胡子的熊将在后方产一头可爱的小崽.
But for now, I'm back in the states and I wanna watch these battle rounds. The Voice
但是目前，我回到美国了，我想看这些battle round。美国之声
"Total Recall" review: If you havent seen the original then go see it, but if you have seen the original, then don't bother cause its not better then the original.
全面回忆”点评: 如果你没有看过原版的话就值得去看，如果看过原版的话，就不用看因为不如原版的好看。
He agreed that a train did come into the station at the time on the paper and that it did stop, but only to take on mail, not passengers.
搬运工说，正如纸条所说，确有一趟火车在那个时刻到站，但它只停站装邮件，不载旅客。
China to continue prudent monetary policy next year: central economic work conference
中央经济工作会议闭幕：将继续实施积极的财政政策和稳健的货币政策
I find China to be a great country with good hardworking people. China will surpass the USA as the world’s superpower in the near future.
我发现中国也是一个伟大的国家,拥有良好的勤奋的民族。中国将超过美国,成为世界上的超级大国,在不久的将来
In what place soever ye enter into an house, there abide till ye depart from that place.
又对他们说,你们无论到何处,进了人的家,就住在那里,直到离开那地方
Peter Lindbergh, the prominent fashion photographer, will have his first solo exhibition in China that opens on April 1 in Beijing.
摄影大师彼得·林德伯格在中国的首次个展将于4月1日在北京@尤伦斯UCCA 开幕。对时尚摄影感兴趣的同学不妨去看看
I find 蜗婚 an interesting situation unique to China where couples who are divorced or separated still live in the same house due to high housing costs.
我觉得蜗婚是中国的特殊情况，一对前夫妇离婚或分居后由于房价高的原因仍然住在同一所房子里
Shout out to our Argentina Fan Club!    What other countries have a fan club?
向我们的阿根廷粉丝俱乐部打声招呼！我们在其他哪些国家也有粉丝俱乐部呢
Disciples from different parts of the world presented dances, songs, dramas and music symbolic of their various traditions.
来自世界各地的信徒演出了代表各种族文化的舞蹈、歌唱、戏剧和音乐演奏等。
A brave and romantic couple,currently,creating a babe, they dare to say:"our son will inherit the world".
一對勇敢和浪漫的小兩口，不失時機的造人,敢說：“我們未來的孩子將繼承世界上美好的一切
My very creative niece (Ari was here; ) written by miss Ariyana
我富有创造力的侄女 （Ari在这里）Ariyana小姐写下的
This year, state-controlled China Development Bank has stepped into some of the biggest deals in Asia, as the policy lender goes increasingly commercial.
今年，中国政府控制的国家开发银行涉足了亚洲部分规模最大的交易，这家政策性银行正变得日益商业化。
If There is a Hell, and I wind up going, at least there will be some  AWESOME people there.
如果有地狱，而我最终不得不去，那至少那边会有一些非常棒的人
With each recursive step, cross products with one additional Permutation Group are formed.
伴随每个递回步骤,会形成带有一个额外置换群的向量积
My acupuncturist had this on the wall thank goodness I noticed it after I was done I would have hurt myself with laughter and needles inside me.... Shout out to 1985
我的针灸医生把这个挂在墙上，谢天谢地我做好治疗之后才发现，不然我可能会因为大笑并被体内的针伤到...支持1985
Jumping from high point is the worst way to commit suicide,it's hurting and without dignity,wish this guy can survive from this slef-directed incident after doctor's treatment.
古城西安的小寨。看热闹的人多，希望跳楼者无事，这种想不开的急需心理医生开导，以后就不会做傻事了。
Feel like hamster! Getting back on the gym wheel! I feel a golf tournament coming on!
感觉自己跟只仓鼠一样忙，又回健身房啦！想来一场高尔夫球比赛!
Well, Mid-autumn festival and National Day holiday are here! What are you doing with your 8 days off? Visiting family? Taking a trip with friends? I hope you have a safe and restful break.
中秋节和国庆节来了！在这八个休息日，你有什么打算？看看家人？和朋友去旅行？预祝你度过一个平安和闲适的假期
proud that Intel was ranked #1 among the National Top 50 in the United States for green power. I look forward to further extending our green efforts in China. What are some of the ways your company is "going green?" http://t.cn/zW919Dp
英特尔荣膺全美绿色能源企业用户50强第一名，这让我感到自豪。我期待着进一步扩展英特尔在中国绿色环保方面的工作。成为一家“绿色企业”，你有何高见？ http://t.cn/zW919DpI'm
That is a great apartment design! I hope Beijing can have this. [good]
这是一个很好的公寓的设计！我希望北京能拥有它
Dive head first into this day, because you will have all the energy you need!
无畏地开始这一天吧，你会获得自己所需要的所有力量
科学双语 - @翻译帖 -带你看世界  http://t.cn/zOl1V57  Brain size and smarts are, to some extent, genetic — and now, a team of more than 200 researchers has uncovered specific genes that are linked to both brain volume and IQ.
大脑体积和智慧，在一定程度上是由基因决定的——如今，一个由两百多名研究人员组成的团队揭示了那些和人的脑容量和智商有联系的特殊基因。人脑密码研究：智商和脑体积与基因密切相关
now on, I will expect nothing, and just take what I get.
从现在起，我将不再期待，只珍惜我所拥有的。
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Boston. Shak
我的心和祈祷与波士顿市民同在。Shak
even after thanksgiving, I cannot thank you all enough for the warm recovery wishes, and positive energy! I feel it :) Its working!
就算是过了感恩节，一句谢谢不能表达我的感激之情对你们给我痊愈的愿望还有积极的力量！我感受到了！起作用了
Clues come today -- it won't take too much intellectual energy to connect the dots.
线索出现了，把它们串在一起不需要付出太多心力。
CNN“We will continue to reduce the risks……we will never ask the Americans to fight for Taiwan. This is something that is very, very clear.
我们会持续降低（台海冲突）风险……我们永远不会要求美国为台湾打仗，这是很清楚的事。”【啥也不说了
It's too bad this year there is no singing competitions,cause this guy would win! BTW.If you can guess what song he's singing， you are awesome!
可惜今年没有选秀节比赛了，有的话这个小伙子肯定赢！BTW.如果你们能听出来他在唱什么歌的话，你很厉害
I just got back from a film screening with Ang Lee and Michelle Yeoh, who loved my book and wants to play me! I was really impressed with her.
我刚从一个电影放映会回来，是和李安和杨紫琼一起参加的。杨紫琼说她喜欢我的书，想要扮演我！她给我留下了非常深刻的印象
Take it easy; every day doesn’t have to be a 23-19.
放轻松啦，不是每一天都会发生23-19状况的
When I was in elementary school, as part of the curriculum, I have to worked at a rice paddy, right next to a quarry where they use explosives to break rocks.
读小学的时候，作为课程的一部分，我要去稻田里劳动，稻田的旁边是一个采石场，他们用炸药炸石头
Jed, lulu, and me at a student reunion party in NYC -- my students are such wonderful supporters of mine!
Jed, lulu和我在纽约一个学生们重聚的party上----我的学生们都是我最棒的支持者
Happy Birthday to one of my all time favorites... Sir Elton John!
生日快乐祝我毕生的偶像之一。。。Elton John先生
Watup  ya'll!! Check out my Style File on Rolling Stone.
大家好！！快去Rolling Stone看看我的时尚风格档案吧
To call this a security hole is to understate the point woefully.
不幸的是,将它称之为安全性漏洞有些轻描淡写
Singles Day is becoming more popular in China with a growing number of people that have yet to find partners.
随着尚未找到另一半、还是单身的人数增加，在中国光棍节越来越受到人们的欢迎。
He may be dexterous at football, but he is very clumsy on the dance floor.
他踢足球可能很灵活,但跳起舞来却十分笨拙。
Happy 13th birthday my nephew Peyton Koenig !!  Love you buddy-Love Uncle Ian.
祝我的侄子Peyton Koenig13岁生日快乐！！爱你的Ian叔叔
Today is my daughters 5th birthday. Happy Birthday! When she woke this morning she had a fever. I hope she feels better soon. I love you.
今天是我女儿的五岁的生日。生日快乐！今天早上她起来的时候她有发烧。我希望她能很快好起来！我爱你。
Hi fans, we are giving away a signed CD to everyone who shares this post and follows us. The deadline is Sept 17th. Good luck!
嗨大家好，我们将给出一张我们的签名CD，快关注我们并转发这条微博。截止日期：9.17。祝大家好运
It takes about four years for a Pixar film to go from a cool idea about a world just for Cars, to a full-length animated adventure.
从主创人员脑海中关于汽车世界的想法，到形成最终的完整电影，大概要花4年的时间。
Deep down I believe that creation of the universe out of nothingness and of life out of inorganic state ultimately aimed at the creation of man.
在我内心深处，我相信从混沌中创造出来的宇宙，从无机状态中创造出来的生命最终都为了创造人类。
I should be a dad, children really like me, look at this!
我应该当爸爸，孩子特别喜欢我，你看!
old school pop, with his old school mop. happy father's day.
老派流行，和他的老派发型。父亲节快乐。
Smoke from the numerous factories in Ohio rises high in the air and travels eastward with the wind.
俄亥俄州的工厂从无数的烟囱中冒出烟来,高高升入天空,随风朝东飘移
170万辆车】Toyota is recalling nearly 1.7 million vehicles around the world for various defects that may cause fuel leakage.
由于设计和组装缺陷可能导致漏油，丰田在全球范围召回近170万辆车，其中包括雷克萨斯和
Excited 2 take the stage at iTunesFestival tonight in London! Thank you 2 my amazing fam for coming out tonight!
好激动啊，今晚将在伦敦的iTunes Festival上面登台演出！非常感谢所有到场观看我演出的粉丝们，你们太棒了
on your family members for help with relationships. They speak the truth.
依靠你的家庭成员，获得血脉相连的助力。他们不会骗你。
Which is really a tough to do, because many times I had to say to him in public, "Hi, listen, if you don't speak English, go home!
" 但操作起来其实挺困难，很多时候我不得不在公共场合对他说：“嘿，听着，如果你不说英文，就滚回家去
Movie makeup is an amazing thing. It can lead us into another world. [good]
银幕化妆真是一件很神奇的事。能引领你进入另一种世界
I am just asking the clouds if the raindrop comes from you. I am just pondering under the clouds if you would ever think about our good old days.
想问白云的里面，是否有你相思化作的雨点。 想问白云的里面，曾经的我们你是否还会想念
The British coastline, indented with innumerable inlets, is over two thousand miles in circumference, without including Ireland.
大不列颠的海岸线犬牙交错,有着无数的海湾,周围长达两千余英里,还不包括爱尔兰在内
He spent his time in the shires riding, hunting, and shooting.
他在英国中部地区整天骑马、狩猎和射击。
Did you know that I’ll be performing at the Peoples Choice Awards tonight?! ;-)
你们知道我今晚要在人民选择奖颁奖礼上表演吗？！;-)
Me and my new puppy Joplin on the set of my photo shoot for my new album. He's adorable!
我和我新养的小狗Joplin为我的新专辑拍摄的合影。他太可爱了
So stoked to be playing Sturgis tonight! Word around the campfire is, weather predicted to be extreme. R n R! iiii]; )'
为今晚斯特吉斯的演出兴奋不已！尽管预报说天气会变得很糟糕，但只要有营火，那就尽情摇滚吧！iiii]; )
Playboy founder, 84, to marry his girlfriend Crystal Harris, aged 24.
84岁的“花花公子”创始人将娶24岁的女友Crystal Harris
Malaysia announces 2013 budget, aiming to reduce the deficit to 4% of GDP
马来西亚宣布2013年预算，旨在减少赤字到GDP的4%
While we were in the Park this young Chinese boy came up to us and read some English questions to us.  He was trying to learn English better.  He was so cute and had a great accent.   I really admire how hard he was working to improve his English.  He is going to do well!!!
当我们在公园的时候，这个年幼的中国小男孩跑向我们，用英语对我们读了些问题。他想把英语学习的更加好。他很可爱而且英语发音很标准。我真的很佩服他是如此的努力去提高英语水平。他会做的很好的
People born on February 29th are "Leapsters".  Any Leapsters among my followers???
月29号出生的人叫“Leapsters”. 我的粉丝里面有“Leapsters”吗
When hour digit blinks, press the key to adjust the hour value.
小时闪烁显示时,按此键改变小时数值。
A funny video about a newly married couple. Conan is funny.
一个有趣的视频对新婚夫妇。Conan是真好笑
Today from honglingjin bridge to the China National sports center combined bicycle, subway and walking transportation. How did you travel today?
绿色出行# 从红领巾桥到国家体育总局混合了自行车，地铁和散步的交通方式。你怎么出行的呢
There were times when I missed having a father in my life. There were times when I was lonely and I felt like I didn't fit in.
有时我渴望生活中能有一位父亲 有事我会感到孤独无助，感觉与周围的环境格格不入
Teamwork: the process of working collaboratively with a group of people in order to achieve a goal.
团结：通常指在同一目标下，人们互相支持、帮助，保持思想和行动上的一致性
Thanks! One of my favorite cinemas in town :) RT LaciHill: "I saw 50/50 last night at the Vista Theater here in LA! Fantastic film, dear!
多谢！我最爱的影院之一：）RT LaciHill；“昨天晚上我在洛杉矶的Vista剧院看了50/50！电影太赞了，亲
Just landed back in Memphis. Take a look a zach educating his mind.. Lol
刚刚回到孟菲斯。看看zach学习的样子...哈哈大笑
It's one of my bosses birthday next Monday.   I am in Korea and we had a quick birthday celebration.   They made him a doll that looks like him.  Hilarious!!!   Happy birthday John.
下周是我的一个老板的生日。我在韩国，我们进行了一个简单的生日庆祝。他们给他做了一个像他样子的人偶。真有趣呀！！生日快乐，John.
There is a big difference between being lazy and being relaxed, and you know it.
懒散与休闲之间的差异很大，你是明白这一点的。
Ricky Martin说：Loud #Shout Out# 2every1 working @ the #Glaad awards# tonight! Hard-working men &women healing the world. On behalf of my family THANK U!
为所有今晚在#Glaad颁奖典礼#的工作人员#喝彩#！辛勤工作的人们在治愈着世界。代表我的家庭感谢你们
Late in the evening this week at Flaming Mountain in Xinjiang province I rode this donkey.  The donkey got tired of having 97 kilos of The Chief on his back and bucked up.  I had to jump straight off rather than dismount!!!!
这周在新疆火焰山傍晚的时候，我骑了这头驴。老大97公斤的体重可把驴儿累坏了，它发倔脾气了。我没能慢慢从驴背上下来，只能一跃而下啦
An option to sort by slot has been added to hangars with view in list mode.
对槽位进行排序的选项被加入机库列表显示模式。
If other people are giving you unwanted advice, thank them. Then ignore them.
如果别人给你的建议不是你想要的，那就先感谢他们，再无视他们。
One of my clients is the leading bus manufacturer in Australia. Recently, they were bought by the leading bus manufacturer in the world. This has been an XIO result for all concerned.
最近，我（思维学院）的一个澳洲制造巴士的客户被世界领先的巴士制造公司收购了。从各个方面看，这都有一个x10的效应。
I trade my soul for a wish,pennies and dimes for a kiss.
我用我的灵魂换一个愿望,用所有金钱换得一个吻.
You can also express your views and let me compile. This is a new attempt to see if the magnificient Weibo can help me construct a 1,000-word article!
博友也可发表意见，让老王来综合。这将是一项新的尝试，看万能的微博可否成就老王千字文章
On ordinary days, many British just have tea and biscuits at teatime.
平日里，多数英国人在午茶时间不过喝喝茶、吃几块饼干就完事。
im feeln this one !! wat do u thnk bout it??!?
我很喜欢这张!! 你们觉得怎么样??!?
When my girlfriend pushes me to get up early, I'm just like
当我的女朋友催我起来的时候，我就像这样
Good meetings in Argentina. Despite the challenges there is good optimism  from the customers and innovation frond our channel sales team.  Some creative marketing provided for our Pentium products.
在阿根廷的会议进行得颇顺利。尽管现时面对各种挑战，但客户对前景仍持乐观态度，并且我们的渠道销售团队别出心裁，针对奔腾系列推出了别开生面的市场营销方案
Tours help you find different sides of yourself. Do you remeber which is the place making you impressed most?
旅行让你找到不一样的自己，一颗颗心就那样，散落在旅途中。你记得最让你心动的地方吗
You know that I’m a crazy bitch,I do what I want when I feel like it.
你知道我是个疯女人,我想做什么就放手去做.
A real loser is somebody that's so afraid of not winning, they don't even try.
真正的失败者是那些因为太担心不能赢而甚至不敢去尝试的人。
Xinhua Forum: U.S. iPad mini pricing expected to begin at $329
英文论坛：美市场iPad Mini价目表曝光：售价329美元起
I was at the Shanghai Masters Tennis Tournament last night and they had this awesome Coca-Cola vending machine.  The coin slot and vending button are very high so that you must have a friend to use the machine.  Here my sons Robert and William help each other to use it. Cool!!
昨晚我在上海网球大师赛现场，看到了这台非常棒的可口可乐自动售货机。投币孔和售货按钮非常高，因此你必须要有个朋友帮忙才可以使用这台机器。看，儿子Robert和 William正互相帮忙买饮料呢。酷
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
政治家和屎尿布有个共同之处：它们都应定期更换，至于原因嘛，那是一样一样滴。（喜欢请收听
In reassessing worldly pleasure, it occurred to the princess that she might also change her spiritual preceptor.
公主在对人世间的快乐重新估计时,突然想到也许该改革一下自己精神上的训导
I didn't know before that iPhone had this function. Very cool
我以前不知道iPhone有这个功能。非常酷
Today’s luncheon in DC, I was at such a wonderful table , right next to them!
今天在华盛顿的午餐会上，我所在的桌子位置特别好，就在他们旁边
My issue with the SW SEs is film preservation. Even if the orig neg was destroyed, Lucas must secretly have a good IP vaulted. Right?
我的《星球大战》的问题就是电影保护。就算底片被毁了，卢卡斯也必须暗中有个好的产权保护。对吧
Hi... My name is Shawn. And I'm addicted to Breaking Bad.
嗨....我的名字是Shawn。我完全迷上电视剧《绝命毒师》了
Cola Company announced a partnership with The World Wildlife Fund to launch "Arctic Home". We are donating Millions of US$ to help build a better environment for Polar Bears in the Arctic.  We are changing our red Coca-Cola cans to white in America for the Program! Wow!!
可口可乐宣布了与世界自然基金会合作一项"北极之家"的项目。我们捐赠了几百万美金为北极熊在北极建造更好的生活环境。在美国，为这个活动我们把红色的可口可乐罐改成了白色！Wow!The Coca
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
好人为对公共事务漠不关心所付出的代价是被恶人统治)（翻译：郭小会
happy birthday to one of the best people around, Mr Steven Taylor
祝我身边最棒的人之一，Steven Taylor先生生日快乐
High up there in outer space everything in life on earth looks small and insignificant
从地球高高在上的天空往下看，一切都是微不足道的。[懒得理你]
(This is my last time competing. Goodbye Badminton World Federation, goodbye beloved badminton)
于洋在她的微博中写道---这也是我最后一次比赛了。再见国际羽联，再见我挚爱的羽毛球
My two sons had American Football practice today.  Three hours of drills and playing.  At the end, they do extra fitness conditioning.  They have to run a half mile really fast.  They look cool!!!
我的两个儿子今天参加了美式足球训练。有3个小时训练。最后，还有健身。他们必须快速跑完半英里。他们看上去真酷
On the cover of ELLE Magazine’s May 2013 “Women in Music” issue!
登上了ELLE杂志2013年五月刊“音乐女性”的封面
Ooff! I hate math. I hate physics. I’m majoring in naps
讨厌数学讨厌物理！我还是擅长打瞌睡
Myo:Watched Sammi's"值得", feel like crying,sometimes only we will understand our own pain. Thanks Sammi for sharing with us!
看了Sammi的"值得"，看到想哭，有時候只有自己才會明白自己的傷痛，謝謝Sammi跟我們分享!!
Jobs in media, led by public relations executives, dominated the highest stress professions, although commercial airline pilots topped the list overall.
媒体方面的工作占据高压职业榜单的大部分，其中尤以公关经理压力大。商用航空公司飞行员被认为是压力最大的职业
yeah!Tomorrow's holiday!Its Malaysia Day~~~but the homework is more than more times!
耶！明天假期！是马来西亚日~~~可是功课可是加倍的呀
A British study found that eating cheese before sleep produced vivid dreams. Different cheeses produce different types of dreams.
英国一项研究发现，睡前吃奶酪食品容易让人做怪梦，吃不同的奶酪会做不同的梦
I'm crazy, just ran a half marathon! Last time someone matched me so the new challenge is to run more than 21.16km, you in? Anyone up to challenge Chelsey?
疯了我，刚跑完半个马拉松！上次有人超过我,所以新的挑战要比21.16公里远，你敢挑战麦小龙吗
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. (Plato, ancient Greek philosopher, 428 BC-348 BC)
孩子害怕黑暗，情有可原；人生真正的悲剧，是成人害怕光明。(柏拉图，古希腊哲学家，公元前428-前348)
Finally there are pictures from the wedding. This one shows Lauren's beautiful dress which took 100 people 3000 hours to hand embroider with pearls and small flower motifs. I will share more photos over the next couple of weeks with my Weibo fans. Thanks for your patience.
婚礼的照片千呼万唤始出来。这张照片展示了劳伦绝美的婚纱，它由100人花了3000小时，手工绣上珍珠和小花案。我将在接下来的几周跟围脖粉丝们分享更多的照片。谢谢你们的耐心。
Stuck in the middle of someone else's fight? Take yourself out of the fray today.
陷入了别人的战斗而不可自拔吗？今天你需要走出这个泥潭。
You end up regretting the things you did NOT do far more than the things you did.
最终，你后悔“没做”的事情要远远多于你“做过”的事情。
It fails in desert regions, on mountain summits, in far northern and southern latitudes.
在沙漠地区,在山岳地带,在南北高纬度处,它就相形见绌了
Live your life with arms wide open,today is where your book begins,the rest is still unwritten.
敞开胸怀,好好生活,今天是你人生之路开启的时刻,你的余生仍旧要靠自己来把握.
A 5 year visa would save the hassle of renewing each year.
五年的签证可以节省的时候更新每年。
Great crowd in Edmonton tonight. Many thanks to the guy in the front row who helped me with my cable a few X's. Cheers!. iiii]; )'
今晚在Edmonton人山人海。非常感谢坐在前排屡次帮我整理电线的那个人。谢谢！iiii]; )'
Kellebrities rewards for Kelly's upcoming international shows will be available tomorrow! Get the full details here: htt... - Kelly
即将举办的国际演唱会的粉丝获奖名单将于明天公布！更多详情，请登录Kelly的官网——Ke...
Ford was acquitted, but the damage to the company was incalculable.
虽然宣判福特公司无罪,但公司的损失是无法估量的。
"credible witnesses"? i wouldn't trust you with an egg. Paranormal Paparazzi - "
可信赖的证人“？我可是一点也不相信。Paranormal Paparazzi
Great Practise session today, now going to the gym followed by old trafford. One of lifes great days!
今天我练习的特好，现在到健身房去。然后老特拉德。真的是生命中特别的一天
One of the happiest times in my life was when ME and YOU, became WE.
我一生中最美好的时光是，当我和你成为“我们”.
Google is making a push into entertainment services, adding music storage and movie-rental features to its Android. Google’s new service, like Amazon’s, will rely on cloud computing, which delivers songs over the Internet rather than keeping them on local hard drives.
据彭博社报道，谷歌将提供更多的娱乐服务，为安卓添加音乐储存和电影出租功能。类似亚马逊，谷歌的新服务以云计算为依托，歌曲的应用是通过互联网而不需要保存在本地硬盘上。
A: I've heard a lot about you. B: Oh, really? Thanks! I hope it was all good. (A:
我常听别人说起你。B: 哦，真得？谢谢。希望说的都是好事
A player may go out of bounds to keep the ball in play.
球员可以在场地之外将未出界的球救回
Made a new record today spending 6 hours in the coffee house with meetings and planning.
突破记录了！为了开会和策划今天花了６个小时在咖啡厅了！疯了！Arghh!!
You young men must work hard, for you are the backbone of our country.
你们年轻人必须要努力工作，因为你们是国家的中坚力量。
t let the train run out off track, don't let the bridges collapse, don't let the roads become traps, don't let houses become ruins.
不要让列车脱轨，不要让桥梁坍塌，不要让道路成为陷阱，不要让房屋成为废墟。Don'
Arrived in a drizzly Chongqing today and found a local restaurant near the hotel where we had excellent typical Chongqing spicy food.  My home state of Texas has spicy food with a Mexican influence.  Pictured is Jessica, a Chongqing lady, and my Beijing friend Dr. Wang.
今天到达下着毛毛雨的重庆。在酒店附近，我们找到了一家当地的餐馆，享用了典型的重庆辛辣美食。我的家乡德州受墨西哥人的影响，也吃辣。图为杰西卡，一位来自重庆的姑娘，以及我的北京朋友王博士。
Just got done talking baseball w/my pal on 95.7FM- Listen to the podcast at http://t.cn/zllB6Nr
刚刚和我的朋友们在95.7FM上讨论完棒球-到以下网址来收听podcast吧
If there's nothing missing in my life,then why do these tears come at night
如果我的心灵上没有失去什么,那为什么夜里泪水滚滚袭来
re teacher and students or...actually we're 3 different breeds of cats.
老师和学生？其实，我们是3只不同品种的猫。We'
Why do i even Attempt to go out in LA? It's pointless I'll stick to traveling back home to NYC or leaving the country! Darci Mayan - Darci Mayan
我为什么要试图去洛杉矶呢？那样做没意义。我还是按照原计划回到纽约或者干脆离开美国
With increased efforts by global giants Caterpillar and Volvo to tap the China's market, both Sany and Zoomlion might be better off just calling a truce and getting back work.
在全球巨头卡特彼勒和沃尔沃更大力度进入中国市场，三一重工和中联重科最好休战，将精力放到业务上。
They tried to kick me outta the gym in Korea because I had tattoos.
他们想把我赶出韩国的健身房，因为我有纹身。
Chinese Premier says train crash probe result to "stand test of history
国内新闻】总理说火车相撞事故调查结果要“经得起历史检验
Judt came back from here, this type of motorbike how to say in Chinese?
刚从这里回来了，这种摩托车中文怎么讲呢?
Just left the Tom Joyner Morning Show and the sun hasn't even broken through yet! Cheers to every1 on fire!! Have a beautiful day!!
刚刚离开Tom Joyner早间电台节目，太阳还没有升起来呢！感谢每一个热情似火的人！！祝你们拥有美好的一天
One of the Chinese football fans asked me about Delvecchio. He still lives in Rome; he works as a commentator for Sky TV and hosts a radio show. We still meet sometimes when we participate in tournaments and games with other former players; the last was in Valencia in September.
有中国球迷问我有关德尔维奇奥的近况。他依然住在罗马，在天空电视台担任评论员，并主持一个广播节目。我们有时在与其他前队友一起参加比赛时还会见面，最近的一次是9月份在西班牙的瓦伦西亚
Ricky Martin说：If you are going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
如果你正在经历炼狱，那就继续吧。——丘吉尔 （12小时前
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are,or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy.It is what you think about.- Dale Carnegie
让你快乐或忧伤的不是你所拥有的，也无关你是谁，你在哪儿，或者你在做什么。它只在于你所想。
I love watching programmes about Chinese culture - apparently the Chinese are making Western style wine now...lovely!
我喜欢看关于中国文化的节目，现在中国人也开始制作西方的红酒……这太棒了
He had learnt early in his marriage that he was sterile.
结婚不久,他就知道自己是不能生育的
I hope everyone dealing with the storm is safe. Sending love to you.
我希望每一位正在与飓风作斗争的人都平安。送上我对你们的爱
To kyannejane: send my love to Australia! I wanna come visit your beautiful country one day soon!! Xo! - To kyannejane
: 把我的爱带给澳大利亚的粉丝们吧！我想尽快找个时间去你们这个美丽的国家！！爱你
Halloween is a few weeks away!  What should I be??
还有几个星期就要到万圣节了！我要扮演什么呢
Watching "Game Change" on HBO. I love when they combine comedy AND horror.
正在观看HBO的“Game Change”。我爱这种喜剧加惊悚的电影。
landed in Shenzhen and off to Chang an for a charity dinner
我们到了深圳，先去长安参加一个慈善宴会.
i think it will be regarded as a fantastic choice when you reminisce about sth. from your past,you write or talk about it,often with pleasure.
吴晓波说，你对中国的信心就是你对自己的信心，是，所以我选择离开纽约回来了。 我在
To Rocket Queen, I actually am going to be in Ireland for a day or two!
对Rocket Queen说，实际上，我打算去爱尔兰一两天
A casual picture-taking at a Beijing street. God！ Don't you love this season？Share them at http://t.cn/zlEah8o
北京街头随手一拍，天啊，还有比秋天更美的季节没？赶快拍下你身边的景色吧！分享照片就在http://t.cn/zlEah8S
a fun look at how a few key technologies have evolved over the years. What a great perspective it offers on how far we've come. Make sure to check out the Ultrabook videos as well. http://t.cn/zW9eEBL
这里是一个很有意思的视角，看一系列关键技术历经多年的演变，带我们进入了一个完全不同的世界。点击进入http://t.cn/zW9eEBL，你还可以看到有趣的Ultrabook视频。Here's
These cats can talk!!! So many cats and dogs don’t have a home in cities like Beijing.
这些猫能说话!!! 在北京这样的城市就这么多的猫和狗没要有一个家
I absolutely LOVED Bruno Mars tonight by the way... what a talent&such a sweetheart!!
顺便说句我大爱Bruno Mars今晚的表演....真是个天才和甜心啊!!
That weird moment when u randomly hug some1 and they just don't know what 2do w a #randomactofaffection. Hehe I thought it was cute
当你突然拥抱某人，而他不知如何回应时，感觉有点怪怪的。但我认为这很可爱，嘿嘿
Attention all you East-Coasters! We're doing a Halloween Show in NYC! Tickets on-sale now — check it out!
东海岸人注意了！我们要在NYC做一场万圣节演出！门票现已开售—看看吧
Someday you're going to have to face the music for your actions.
总有一天，你将不得不承担自己的行为所带来的后果
Your plans and ideas have advanced, but they're not quite done yet. Keep working!
你的计划和想法很先进，但它们尚未完成。继续努力
assistant played a video on Tudou.com just now, featuring the keynotes of IDF2012. I was really moved when I was on stage of CNCC facing 5000+ passionate young audiences. China has the most robust tech industry. I feel so lucky to be here with you. http://t.cn/zOs90ts
刚才我助理给我播放了土豆网上一个视频，是关于2012英特尔信息技术峰会主题演讲的。当时我站在北京国家会议中心讲台上，面对5000多名热情而年轻的听众，我真心感受到了中国的科技行业是最有活力的。我很庆幸来到北京，和大家这么近。http://t.cn/zOs90tsMy
After workouts I like to hit the golf course to relax. How do my fans in China like to relax after a workout?
锻炼后我喜欢去打高尔夫放松。我的中国粉丝们，你们在锻炼后喜欢怎样放松呢
Ricky Martin说：The #Pope# resigns? I didn't know that was even possible. Apparently, the last time a pope resigned was the year 1415 #If You R intrested#    #
教皇#辞职了？我一直觉得这是不可能的。很明显，上一次教皇辞职是在1415年 #如果你感兴趣#（1小时前
Thanks so much for giving me this picture, awesome! Everybody look closely at the picture, can you see the story?
感谢徐秋曦送给我的照片，特别棒！大家详细的看照片里有故事，看得出来吗
Good to see such strong interest in #stopkony - a key step to helping those most vulnerable.
很高兴看到对stopnony如此强烈的关注——帮助这些最易受伤害的孩子，这是关键性的一步
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. - Michael Jordan
有些人想要它发生，有些人希望它发生，另外一些人使它发生。”——飞人迈克尔·乔丹
In the chilly town of Badenweiler about to rock Wetten Das! ;-)
在巴登维勒这个寒冷的小镇，即将嗨翻Wetten Das！;-)
If I suddenly took this picture and sent it to my girlfriend and at the same time wrote "I miss you", would you think it's romantic?
如果我突然把这张照片发给我的女朋友的话，同时也写了"想你"，你会觉得浪漫吗?
Thank you to our Chinese fans. You all have been amazingly supportive.
大LP终于在新浪开微薄了！！！！！！火速关注
But I never heard any noise or sound of builders. Imperceptibly they shut me from the outside world.
可我真的没有听见那些筑墙者的谈笑与声响。悄无声息地,他们把我与外面的世界隔开
